n	An instance of a certain standardized college admissions test in the United States, originally called the American College Test. 
n	(countable) Something done, a deed. 
n	(obsolete, uncountable) Actuality. 
n	(theology) Something done once and for all, as distinguished from a work. 
n	(law, countable) A product of a legislative body, a statute. 
n	The process of doing something. 
n	(countable) A formal or official record of something done. 
n	(countable, drama) A division of a theatrical performance. 
n	(countable) A performer or performers in a show. 
n	(countable) Any organized activity. 
n	(countable) A display of behaviour. 
n	A thesis maintained in public, in some English universities, by a candidate for a degree, or to show the proficiency of a student. 
n	(countable) A display of behaviour meant to deceive. 
v	(intransitive) To do something. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To do (something); to perform. 
v	(intransitive) To perform a theatrical role. 
v	(intransitive) Of a play: to be acted out (well or badly). 
v	(intransitive) To behave in a certain manner for an indefinite length of time. 
v	(copulative) To convey an appearance of being. 
v	(intransitive) To do something that causes a change binding on the doer. 
v	(intransitive, construed with on or upon) To have an effect (on). 
v	(transitive) To play (a role). 
v	(transitive) To feign. 
v	(mathematics, intransitive, construed with on or upon, of a group) To map via a homomorphism to a group of automorphisms (of). 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To move to action; to actuate; to animate. 
v	(obsolete, Scotland, transitive) To enact; to decree. 
n	Initialism of Australian Capital Territory, a federal territory of Australia. [A federal territory in south-eastern Australia in which the country's capital, Canberra, is located.] 
n	Initialism of American College Test. 
n	Initialism of Association of Consumers and Taxpayers, a political party of New Zealand 
n	(law) Ellipsis of act of parliament. [A law which has received assent (royal, presidential or gubernatorial) after having been passed by the houses (or house) of a parliament.] 
n	Ellipsis of Act of Parliament. 
