n	(countable) The whole duration of a being, whether human, animal, plant, or other kind, being alive. 
n	(countable) The number of full years, months, days, hours, etc., that someone, or something, has been alive. 
n	(countable) One of the stages of life. 
n	(countable) The time of life at which some particular power or capacity is understood to become vested. 
n	(countable) A particular period of time in history, as distinguished from others. 
n	(countable) A great period in the history of the Earth. 
n	(astrology) One of the twelve divisions of a Great Year, equal to roughly 2000 years and goverened by one of the zodiacal signs; a Platonic month. 
n	(countable) A period of one hundred years; a century. 
n	(countable) The people who live during a particular period. 
n	(countable) A generation. 
n	(countable, hyperbolic) A long time. 
n	(countable, geology) The shortest geochronologic unit, being a period of thousands to millions of years; a subdivision of an epoch (or sometimes a subepoch). 
n	(countable, poker) The right of the player to the left of the dealer to pass the first round in betting, and then to come in last or stay out; also, the player holding this position; the eldest hand. 
n	(uncountable) That part of the duration of a being or a thing which is between its beginning and any given time; specifically the size of that part. 
n	(uncountable) Mature age; especially, the time of life at which one attains full personal rights and capacities. 
n	(uncountable) An advanced period of life; the latter part of life; the state of being old, old age, senility; seniority. 
v	(intransitive) To grow aged; to become old; to show marks of age. 
v	(intransitive, informal, of a statement, prediction) To be viewed or turn out in some way after a certain time has passed. 
v	(transitive) To cause to grow old; to impart the characteristics of age to. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To postpone an action that would extinguish something, as a debt. 
v	(transitive, accounting) To categorize by age. 
v	(transitive) To indicate that a person has been alive for a certain period of time, especially a long one. 
n	(biochemistry) Initialism of advanced glycation end-product. 
n	(biochemistry) Initialism of agarose gel electrophoresis. 
n	(organic chemistry) Initialism of allyl glycidyl ether. 
