v	To unite or form a connection between (people or things), as between families by marriage, or between states by confederacy, league, or treaty. 
v	Chiefly followed by to or with: to connect or form a relation to (someone or something) by similarity in features or nature. 
v	(reflexive) To join or unite (oneself or itself) against, with, etc., someone or something else. 
v	(intransitive) Chiefly followed by with: to enter into an alliance or unite for a common aim. 
n	A person who co-operates with or helps another; an associate; a friend. 
n	A person who, or organization which, supports a demographic group subject to discrimination and/or misrepresentation but is not a member of the group; specifically (LGBT), a person who is not a member of the LGBT+ community but is supportive of it. 
n	A person, group, state, etc., which is associated or united by treaty with another for a common (especially military or political) purpose; a confederate. 
n	Something regarded as connected with or related to another thing by similarity in features or nature. 
n	(taxonomy) An organism which is related to another organism through common evolutionary origin; specifically, a species which is closely related to another species, usually within the same family. 
n	(figuratively) A person, group, concept, etc., which is associated with another as a helper; an auxiliary; a supporter. 
n	(historical or obsolete) A kinsman or kinswoman; a relative. 
n	One's relatives; kin, kindred, relations; also, relationship through descent or marriage; kinship. 
n	People, groups, states, etc., which are associated or united with each other for a common purpose; confederates; also, the state of being allied; alliance, confederation. 
n	A diminutive of the female given names Alice, Alison, Alexandra, or other names beginning with Al-[[]], from the Germanic languages or Ancient Greek 
n	A diminutive of the male given names Alfred, Albert, Alan, Alexander, or other names beginning with Al-[[]], from the Germanic languages, the Celtic languages, or Ancient Greek 
n	Alternative spelling of alley (“a glass marble or taw”) [A narrow street or passageway, especially one through the middle of a block giving access to the rear of lots or buildings.] 
