v	(intransitive) To come or go near, in place or time; to move toward; to advance nearer; to draw nigh. 
v	(intransitive, golf, tennis) To play an approach shot. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, figuratively) Used intransitively, followed by to: to draw near (to someone or something); to make advances; to approximate or become almost equal. 
v	(transitive, rarely intransitive) Of an immovable object or a number of such objects: to be positioned as to (notionally) appear to be moving towards (a place). 
v	(transitive, also figuratively) To move toward (someone or something) in place, time, character, or value; to draw nearer to. 
v	(transitive) To bring (something) near something else; to cause (something) to draw near. 
v	(transitive) To attempt to make (a policy) or solve (a problem). 
v	(transitive) To bring up or propose to (someone) an idea, question, request, etc. 
v	(transitive, archaic, euphemistic) To have sexual intercourse with (someone). 
v	(transitive, military) To take approaches to (a place); to move towards (a place) by using covered roads, trenches, or other works. 
n	(also figuratively) An act of drawing near in place or time; an advancing or coming near. 
n	An act of coming near in character or value; an approximation. 
n	(also figuratively) An avenue, passage, or way by which a building or place can be approached; an access. 
n	(climbing) A path taken to reach the climbing area, for example, from a car park, road, etc. 
n	(figuratively) A manner of making (a policy) or solving (a problem, etc.). 
n	(archaic) An opportunity of drawing near; access. 
n	(aviation, also attributively) The way an aircraft comes in to land at an airport. 
n	A specific procedure used for approaching and landing at an airport. 
n	(bowling) The area before the lane in which a bowler may stand or run up before bowling the ball. 
n	(golf, tennis) Short for approach shot. [(golf) Any shot, normally not when teeing off, aimed to land on the green, hit for accuracy more than power.] 
