n	The portion of the upper human appendage, from the shoulder to the wrist and sometimes including the hand. 
n	(anatomy) The extended portion of the upper limb, from the shoulder to the elbow. 
n	A limb, or locomotive or prehensile organ, of an invertebrate animal. 
n	The part of a piece of clothing that covers the arm. 
n	A long, narrow, more or less rigid part of an object extending from the main part or centre of the object, such as the arm of an armchair, a crane, a pair of spectacles or a pair of compasses. 
n	(geography) A bay or inlet off a main body of water. 
n	A branch of an organization. 
n	(figuratively) Power; might; strength; support. 
n	(baseball, slang) A pitcher 
n	(genetics) One of the two parts of a chromosome. 
n	A group of patients in a medical trial. 
v	(obsolete) To take by the arm; to take up in one's arms. 
adj	(UK dialectal, chiefly Scotland) Poor; lacking in riches or wealth. 
adj	(UK dialectal, chiefly Scotland) To be pitied; pitiful; wretched. 
n	(usually used in the plural) A weapon. 
n	(in the plural) Heraldic bearings or insignia. 
n	(in the plural, obsolete) War; hostilities; deeds or exploits of war. 
v	(transitive) To supply with armour or (later especially) weapons. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To supply with the equipment, knowledge, authority, or other tools needed for a particular task; to furnish with capability; to equip. 
v	(transitive) To prepare (a tool, weapon, or system) for action; to activate. 
v	(intransitive, of a tool, weapon, or system) To become prepared for action; to activate. 
v	(transitive) To cover or furnish with a plate, or with whatever will add strength, force, security, or efficiency. 
v	(intransitive) To take up weapons; to arm oneself. 
v	(transitive) To fit (a magnet) with an armature. 
adj	Abbreviation of Armenian. [Of, from, or pertaining to Armenia, the Armenian people, the Armenian language, or the Armenian alphabet.] 
n	Initialism of accelerated reply mail (a service of the United States Postal Service) 
n	Initialism of adjustable rate mortgage. 
n	(computing) Initialism of Acorn RISC Machine or Advanced RISC Machine. 
