adj	At or near the rear. 
adj	(predicative) Returned or restored to a previous place or condition. 
adj	Not current. 
adj	Situated away from the main or most frequented areas. 
adj	In arrears; overdue. 
adj	Moving or operating backward. 
adj	(comparable, phonetics) Pronounced with the highest part of the body of the tongue toward the back of the mouth, near the soft palate (most often describing a vowel). 
adv	(not comparable) To or in a previous condition or place. 
adv	In a direction opposite to that in which someone or something is facing or normally pointing. 
adv	In a direction opposite to the usual or desired direction of movement or progress, physically or figuratively. 
adv	So as to reverse direction and return. 
adv	Towards, into or in the past. 
adv	Away from someone or something; at a distance. 
adv	Away from the front or from an edge. 
adv	So as shrink, recede or move aside, or cause to do so. 
adv	In a manner that impedes. 
adv	(not comparable) In a reciprocal manner; in return. 
adv	(postpositive) Earlier, ago. 
adv	To a later point in time. See also put back. 
n	The spine and associated tissues. 
n	(slang, uncountable) Large and attractive buttocks. 
n	(figuratively) The part of a piece of clothing which covers the back. 
n	The backrest, the part of a piece of furniture which receives the human back. 
n	(obsolete) That part of the body that bears clothing. (Now used only in the phrase clothes on one's back.) 
n	The side of any object which is opposite the front or useful side. 
n	The reverse side; the side that is not normally seen. 
n	Area behind, such as the backyard of a house. 
n	The part of something that goes last. 
n	(sports) In some team sports, a position behind most players on the team. 
n	(figuratively) Upper part of a natural object which is considered to resemble an animal's back. 
n	A support or resource in reserve. 
n	(nautical) The keel and keelson of a ship. 
n	(mining) The roof of a horizontal underground passage. 
n	(slang, uncountable) Effort, usually physical. 
n	A non-alcoholic drink (often water or a soft drink), to go with hard liquor or a cocktail. 
n	Among leather dealers, one of the thickest and stoutest tanned hides. 
v	(intransitive) To go in the reverse direction. 
v	(transitive) To support. 
v	(nautical, of the wind) To change direction contrary to the normal pattern; that is, to shift anticlockwise in the northern hemisphere, or clockwise in the southern hemisphere. 
v	(nautical, of a square sail) To brace the yards so that the wind presses on the front of the sail, to slow the ship. 
v	(nautical, of an anchor) To lay out a second, smaller anchor to provide additional holding power. 
v	(UK, of a hunting dog) To stand still behind another dog which has pointed. 
v	(transitive) To push or force backwards. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To get upon the back of; to mount. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To place or seat upon the back. 
v	To make a back for; to furnish with a back. 
v	To adjoin behind; to be at the back of. 
v	To write upon the back of, possibly as an endorsement. 
v	(law, of a justice of the peace) To sign or endorse (a warrant, issued in another county, to apprehend an offender). 
v	To row backward with (oars). 
v	(MLE, transitive) To draw from behind the back [+accusative = a knife etc.] (as also back out). 
v	(Nigeria, transitive) To carry an infant on one's back. 
n	A large shallow vat; a cistern, tub, or trough, used by brewers, distillers, dyers, picklers, gluemakers, and others, for mixing or cooling wort, holding water, hot glue, etc. 
n	A ferryboat. 
n	A surname. 
n	(swimming) Clipping of backstroke. [A backhanded stroke or blow.] 
