n	A soft container made out of cloth, paper, thin plastic, etc. and open at the top, used to hold food, commodities, and other goods. 
n	A container made of leather, plastic, or other material, usually with a handle or handles, in which you carry personal items, or clothes or other things that you need for travelling. Includes shopping bags, schoolbags, suitcases, and handbags. 
n	(colloquial) One's preference. 
n	(derogatory) An ugly woman. 
n	(LGBT, slang, US, derogatory) A fellow gay man. 
n	(baseball) The cloth-covered pillow used for first, second, and third base. 
n	(baseball) First, second, or third base. 
n	(preceded by "the") A breathalyzer, so named because it formerly had a plastic bag over the end to measure a set amount of breath. 
n	(mathematics) A collection of objects, disregarding order, but (unlike a set) in which elements may be repeated. 
n	A sac in animal bodies, containing some fluid or other substance. 
n	(now historical) A pouch tied behind a man's head to hold the back-hair of a wig; a bag wig. 
n	The quantity of game bagged in a hunt. 
n	(slang, vulgar) A scrotum. 
n	(UK) A unit of measure of cement equal to 94 pounds. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) A dark circle under the eye, caused by lack of sleep, drug addiction etc. 
n	(slang) A small envelope that contains drugs, especially narcotics. 
n	(MLE, slang) £1000, a grand. 
n	(informal) A large number or amount. 
v	(transitive) To put into a bag. 
v	(informal) To catch or kill, especially when fishing or hunting. 
v	To gain possession of something, or to make first claim on something. 
v	(slang) To steal. 
v	(slang, African-American Vernacular) To take a woman away with one as a romantic or sexual interest. 
v	(slang) To arrest. 
v	(transitive, medicine) To provide with artificial ventilation via a bag valve mask (BVM) resuscitator. 
v	(transitive, medicine) To fit with a bag to collect urine. 
v	(obsolete, transitive, intransitive) To (cause to) swell or hang down like a full bag. 
v	To hang like an empty bag. 
v	(nautical, intransitive) To drop away from the correct course. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To become pregnant. 
v	To forget, ignore, or get rid of. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To swell with arrogance. 
v	(slang, African American Vernacular) To laugh uncontrollably. 
v	(Australia, slang) To criticise sarcastically. 
