n	A solid or hollow sphere, or roughly spherical mass. 
n	A quantity of string, thread, etc., wound into a spherical shape. 
n	(mathematics) In 3-dimensional Euclidean space, the volume bounded by a sphere. 
n	(mathematics) The set of points in a metric space of any number of dimensions lying within a given distance (the radius) of a given point. 
n	(mathematics) The set of points in a topological space lying within some open set containing a given point. 
n	A jacketed non-expanding bullet, typically of military origin. 
n	(uncountable, obsolete) Such bullets collectively. 
n	A roundish, protuberant portion of some part of the body. 
n	(anatomy) The front of the bottom of the foot, just behind the toes. 
n	The globe; the earthly sphere. 
n	(uncountable) Any sport or game involving a ball; its play, literally or figuratively. 
n	(baseball, countable) A pitch that falls outside of the strike zone. 
n	(pinball, countable) An opportunity to launch the pinball into play. 
n	(cricket, countable) A single delivery by the bowler, six of which make up an over. 
n	(soccer, countable) A pass; a kick of the football towards a teammate. 
n	(in the plural) Nonsense. 
n	(in the plural) Courage. 
n	(printing, historical) A leather-covered cushion, fastened to a handle called a ballstock; formerly used by printers for inking the form, then superseded by the roller. 
n	(farriery, historical) A large pill, a form in which medicine was given to horses; a bolus. 
v	(transitive) To form or wind into a ball. 
v	(metalworking) To heat in a furnace and form into balls for rolling. 
v	(transitive, vulgar) To have sexual intercourse with. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To gather balls which cling to the feet, as of damp snow or clay; to gather into balls. 
v	(slang, usually in present participle) To be hip or cool. 
v	(university slang) To reject from a fraternity or sorority. (Short for blackball.) 
v	(nonstandard, slang) To play basketball. 
v	(transitive) To punish by affixing a ball and chain. 
n	A formal dance. 
n	(informal) A very enjoyable time. 
n	A competitive event among young African-American and Latin American LGBTQ+ people in which prizes are awarded for drag and similar performances. See ball culture. 
n	An English surname. 
n	A town in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States. 
n	A hamlet in Egloshayle parish, on the eastern outskirts of Wadebridge, Cornwall, England (OS grid ref SX0073). 
