n	A strip of material wrapped around things to hold them together. 
n	A narrow strip of cloth or other material on clothing, to bind, strengthen, or ornament it. 
n	A strip along the spine of a book where the pages are attached. 
n	A belt or strap that is part of a machine. 
n	A long strip of material, color, etc, that is different from the surrounding area. 
n	A continuous tablet, stripe, or series of ornaments, as of carved foliage, of colour, or of brickwork. 
n	In Gothic architecture, the moulding, or suite of mouldings, which encircles the pillars and small shafts. 
n	That which serves as the means of union or connection between persons; a tie. 
n	A linen collar or ruff worn in the 16th and 17th centuries. 
n	(in the plural) Two strips of linen hanging from the neck in front as part of a clerical, legal, or academic dress. 
n	(physics) A part of the electromagnetic spectrum. 
n	(physics) A group of energy levels in a solid state material. 
n	(obsolete) A bond. 
n	(obsolete) Pledge; security. 
n	(especially US) A ring, such as a wedding ring (wedding band), or a ring put on a bird's leg to identify it. 
n	(sciences) Any distinguishing line formed by chromatography, electrophoresis etc 
n	(slang, hiphop, often in the plural) A wad of money totaling $1K, held together by a band; (by extension) money 
v	(transitive) To fasten with a band. 
v	(transitive, ornithology) To fasten an identifying band around the leg of (a bird). 
n	A group of musicians who perform together as an ensemble, usually for a professional recording artist. 
n	A type of orchestra originally playing janissary music. 
n	A marching band. 
n	A group of people loosely united for a common purpose (a band of thieves). 
n	(anthropology) A small group of people living in a simple society, contrasted with tribes, chiefdoms, and states. 
n	(Canada) A group of aboriginals that has official recognition as an organized unit by the federal government of Canada. 
v	(intransitive) To group together for a common purpose; to confederate. 
v	(transitive, education) To group (students) together by perceived ability; to stream. 
n	A surname from German. 
n	(medicine) Short for band cell. [A cell undergoing granulopoiesis, derived from a metamyelocyte, and leading to a mature granulocyte; it is characterized by having a nucleus that is curved but not lobar.] 
v	Obsolete form of bandy. [(transitive) To give and receive reciprocally; to exchange.] 
