n	(countable) An institution where one can place and borrow money and take care of financial affairs. 
n	(countable) A branch office of such an institution. 
n	(countable) An underwriter or controller of a card game. 
n	(countable) A fund from deposits or contributions, to be used in transacting business; a joint stock or capital. 
n	(gambling, countable) The sum of money etc. which the dealer or banker has as a fund from which to draw stakes and pay losses. 
n	(slang, uncountable) Money; profit. 
n	(countable) In certain games, such as dominos, a fund of pieces from which the players are allowed to draw. 
n	(countable, chiefly in combination) A safe and guaranteed place of storage for and retrieval of important items or goods. 
n	(countable) A device used to store coins or currency. 
v	(intransitive) To deal with a bank or financial institution, or for an institution to provide financial services to a client. 
v	(transitive) To put into a bank. 
v	(transitive, slang) To conceal in the rectum for use in prison. 
n	(hydrology) An edge of river, lake, or other watercourse. 
n	(nautical, hydrology) An elevation, or rising ground, under the sea; a shallow area of shifting sand, gravel, mud, and so forth (for example, a sandbank or mudbank). 
n	(geography) A slope of earth, sand, etc.; an embankment. 
n	(aviation) The incline of an aircraft, especially during a turn. 
n	(rail transport) An incline, a hill. 
n	A mass noun for a quantity of clouds. 
n	(mining) The face of the coal at which miners are working. 
n	(mining) A deposit of ore or coal, worked by excavations above water level. 
n	(mining) The ground at the top of a shaft. 
v	(intransitive, aviation) To roll or incline laterally in order to turn. 
v	(transitive) To cause (an aircraft) to bank. 
v	(transitive) To form into a bank or heap, to bank up. 
v	(transitive) To cover the embers of a fire with ashes in order to retain heat. 
v	(transitive) To raise a mound or dike about; to enclose, defend, or fortify with a bank; to embank. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To pass by the banks of. 
v	(rail transport, UK) To provide additional power for a train ascending a bank (incline) by attaching another locomotive. 
n	A row or panel of items stored or grouped together. 
n	A row of keys on a musical keyboard or the equivalent on a typewriter keyboard. 
n	(computing) A contiguous block of memory that is of fixed, hardware-dependent size, but often larger than a page and partitioning the memory such that two distinct banks do not overlap. 
n	(pinball) A set of multiple adjacent drop targets. 
v	(transitive, order and arrangement) To arrange or order in a row. 
n	A bench, as for rowers in a galley; also, a tier of oars. 
n	A bench or seat for judges in court. 
n	The regular term of a court of law, or the full court sitting to hear arguments upon questions of law, as distinguished from a sitting at nisi prius, or a court held for jury trials. See banc 
n	(archaic, printing) A kind of table used by printers. 
n	(music) A bench, or row of keys belonging to a keyboard, as in an organ. 
n	(uncountable) slang for money 
n	A village in the New Forest in Hampshire, England. 
n	(rail transport) A major London Underground station in the City of London, named after the Bank of England and one of the busiest stations on the network (OS grid ref TQ3281) 
n	A surname. 
