n	A solid, more or less rigid object of metal or wood with a uniform cross-section smaller than its length. 
n	(countable, uncountable, metallurgy) A solid metal object with uniform (round, square, hexagonal, octagonal or rectangular) cross-section; in the US its smallest dimension is ¹⁄₄ inch or greater, a piece of thinner material being called a strip. 
n	A cuboid piece of any solid commodity. 
n	A broad shaft, band, or stripe. 
n	A long, narrow drawn or printed rectangle, cuboid or cylinder, especially as used in a bar code or a bar chart. 
n	(typography) Any of various lines used as punctuation or diacritics, such as the pipe ⟨|⟩, fraction bar (as in 12), and strikethrough (as in Ⱥ), formerly (obsolete) including oblique marks such as the slash. 
n	(mathematics) The sign indicating that the characteristic of a logarithm is negative, conventionally placed above the digit(s) to show that it applies to the characteristic only and not to the mantissa. 
n	(physics) A similar sign indicating that the charge on a particle is the negative of its usual value (and that consequently the particle is in fact an antiparticle). 
n	A business selling alcoholic drinks for consumption on the premises, or the premises themselves; a public house. 
n	The counter of such premises. 
n	A counter, or simply a cabinet, from which alcoholic drinks are served in a private house or a hotel room. 
n	(by extension, in combinations such as coffee bar, juice bar, etc.) Premises or a counter serving any type of beverage. 
n	An establishment where alcohol and sometimes other refreshments are served. 
n	An informal establishment selling food to be consumed on the premises. 
n	An establishment offering cosmetic services. 
n	An official order or pronouncement that prohibits some activity. 
n	Anything that obstructs, hinders, or prevents; an obstruction; a barrier. 
n	(programming, whimsical, derived from fubar) A metasyntactic variable representing an unspecified entity, often the second in a series, following foo. 
n	(UK, Parliament) A dividing line (physical or notional) in the chamber of a legislature beyond which only members and officials may pass. 
n	(UK, law) The railing surrounding the part of a courtroom in which the judges, lawyers, defendants and witnesses stay. 
n	(US, Philippines, law, usually with the) The bar exam, the legal licensing exam. 
n	(law, metonymically, "the Bar", "the bar") Collectively, lawyers or the legal profession; specifically applied to barristers in some countries, but including all lawyers in others. 
n	(telecommunications, electronics) One of an array of bar-shaped symbols that display the level of something, such as wireless signal strength or battery life remaining. 
n	(music) A vertical line across a musical staff dividing written music into sections, typically of equal durational value. 
n	(music) One of those musical sections. 
n	(sports) A horizontal pole that must be crossed in the high jump and pole vault. 
n	(figuratively) Any level of achievement regarded as a challenge to be overcome. 
n	(soccer, most codes) The crossbar. 
n	(backgammon) The central divider between the inner and outer table of a backgammon board, where stones are placed if they are hit. 
n	An addition to a military medal, on account of a subsequent act. 
n	A linear shoaling landform feature within a body of water. 
n	(geography, nautical, hydrology) A ridge or succession of ridges of sand or other substance, especially a formation extending across the mouth of a river or harbor or off a beach, and which may obstruct navigation. (FM 55-501). 
n	(heraldry) One of the ordinaries in heraldry; a diminutive of a fess. 
n	A city gate, in some British place names. 
n	(mining) A drilling or tamping rod. 
n	(mining) A vein or dike crossing a lode. 
n	(architecture) A gatehouse of a castle or fortified town. 
n	(farriery) The part of the crust of a horse's hoof which is bent inwards towards the frog at the heel on each side, and extends into the centre of the sole. 
n	(farriery, in the plural) The space between the tusks and grinders in the upper jaw of a horse, in which the bit is placed. 
n	(slang) A measure of drugs, typically one ounce. 
v	(transitive) To obstruct the passage of (someone or something). 
v	(transitive) To prohibit. 
v	(transitive) To lock or bolt with a bar. 
v	To imprint or paint with bars, to stripe. 
n	A non-SI unit of pressure equal to 100,000 pascals, approximately equal to atmospheric pressure at sea level. 
n	A town and municipality of Montenegro 
n	Nickname from the female given name Barbara. 
n	A city in Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine 
n	(legal senses) Alternative spelling of bar. [A solid, more or less rigid object of metal or wood with a uniform cross-section smaller than its length.] 
n	(military) Initialism of Browning Automatic Rifle. 
