v	(intransitive, now usually literary) To exist; to have real existence, to be alive. 
v	(with there, or dialectally it, as dummy subject) To exist. 
v	(intransitive) To occupy a place. 
v	(intransitive) To occur, to take place. 
v	(intransitive, in perfect tenses) Elliptical form of "be here", "go to and return from" or similar, also extending to certain other senses of "go". 
v	(transitive, copulative) Used to indicate that the subject and object are the same. 
v	(transitive, copulative, mathematics) Used to indicate that the values on either side of an equation are the same. 
v	(transitive, copulative) Used to indicate that the subject is an instance of the predicate nominal. 
v	(transitive, copulative) Used to indicate that the subject plays the role of the predicate nominal. 
v	(transitive, copulative) Used to indicate that the subject has the qualities described by an adjective. 
v	(transitive, copulative) Used to indicate that the subject has the qualities described by a noun or noun phrase. 
v	(transitive, auxiliary) Used to form the passive voice. 
v	(transitive, auxiliary) Used to form the continuous aspect. 
v	(auxiliary) Used to form the perfect aspect with certain intransitive verbs; this was more common in archaic use, especially with verbs indicating motion. "He is finished", and "He is gone" are common, but "He is come" is archaic. 
v	(formal, transitive, auxiliary) Used to express future action as well as what is due to, intended to, or should happen. 
v	(transitive, copulative) Used to link a subject to a measurement. 
v	(transitive, copulative, with a cardinal numeral) Used to state the age of a subject in years. 
v	(with a dummy subject it) Used to indicate the time of day. 
v	(With since) Used to indicate passage of time since the occurrence of an event. 
v	(rare and regional, chiefly in the past tense) Used to link two noun clauses, the first of which is a day of the week, recurring date, month, or other specific time (on which the event of the main clause took place), and the second of which is a period of time indicating how long ago that day was. 
v	(often impersonal, with it as a dummy subject) Used to indicate weather, air quality, or the like. 
v	(dynamic / lexical "be", especially in progressive tenses, conjugated non-suppletively in the present tense, see usage notes) To exist or behave in a certain way. 
v	(African-American Vernacular, Caribbean, auxiliary, not conjugated) To tend to do, often do; marks the habitual aspect. 
n	The name of the Cyrillic script letter Б / б. 
n	Bachelor of Engineering. 
n	(linguistics) Initialism of Black English. [(US) Synonym of African-American English (“AAE”), sometimes specifically African-American Vernacular English (“AAVE”).] 
n	Initialism of Buddhist Era. [A calendrical system dating from after the death of the Buddha (taken as 543 BCE).] 
n	Abbreviation of Berlin, a federal state of Germany. [The capital and largest city of Germany.] 
n	Abbreviation of Bengkulu, a province of Indonesia. [A province of Indonesia on the southwest coast of Sumatra.] 
