n	A large, generally omnivorous mammal (a few species are purely carnivorous or herbivorous), related to the dog and raccoon, having shaggy hair, a very small tail, and flat feet; a member of the family Ursidae. 
n	(cooking, uncountable) The meat of this animal. 
n	(figuratively) A rough, unmannerly, uncouth person. 
n	(finance) An investor who sells commodities, securities, or futures in anticipation of a fall in prices. 
n	(CB radio, slang, US) A state policeman (short for smokey bear). 
n	(gay slang) A large, hairy man, especially one who is homosexual. 
n	(engineering) A portable punching machine. 
n	(nautical) A block covered with coarse matting, used to scour the deck. 
n	(cartomancy) The fifteenth Lenormand card. 
n	(colloquial, US) Something difficult or tiresome; a burden or chore. 
v	(finance, transitive) To endeavour to depress the price of, or prices in. 
adj	(finance, investments) Characterized by declining prices in securities markets or by belief that the prices will fall. 
v	(transitive, of weapons, flags or symbols of rank, office, etc.) To carry upon one's person, especially visibly; to be equipped with. 
v	(transitive, of garments, pieces of jewellery, etc.) To wear. 
v	(transitive, rarely intransitive, of a woman or female animal) To carry (offspring in the womb), to be pregnant (with). 
v	(transitive) To have or display (a mark or other feature). 
v	(transitive) To display (a particular heraldic device) on a shield or coat of arms; to be entitled to wear or use (a heraldic device) as a coat of arms. 
v	(transitive) To present or exhibit (a particular outward appearance); to have (a certain look). 
v	(transitive) To have (a name, title, or designation). 
v	(transitive) To possess or enjoy (recognition, renown, a reputation, etc.); to have (a particular price, value, or worth). 
v	(transitive, of an investment, loan, etc.) To have (interest or a specified rate of interest) stipulated in its terms. 
v	(transitive, of a person or animal) To have (an appendage, organ, etc.) as part of the body; (of a part of the body) to have (an appendage). 
v	(transitive) To carry or hold in the mind; to experience, entertain, harbour (an idea, feeling, or emotion). 
v	(transitive, rare) To feel and show (respect, reverence, loyalty, etc.) to, towards, or unto a person or thing. 
v	(transitive) To possess inherently (a quality, attribute, power, or capacity); to have and display as an essential characteristic. 
v	(transitive, of a thing) To have (a relation, correspondence, etc.) to something else. 
v	(transitive) To give (written or oral testimony or evidence); (figurative) to provide or constitute (evidence or proof), give witness. 
v	(transitive) To have (a certain meaning, intent, or effect). 
v	(reflexive, transitive) To behave or conduct (oneself). 
v	(transitive, rare) To possess and use, to exercise (power or influence); to hold (an office, rank, or position). 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To carry a burden or burdens. 
v	(transitive, obsolete, rare) To take or bring (a person) with oneself; to conduct. 
v	(transitive) To support or sustain; to hold up. 
v	(now transitive outside certain set patterns such as 'bear with'; formerly also intransitive) To endure or withstand (hardship, scrutiny, etc.); to tolerate; to be patient (with). 
v	(transitive) To sustain, or be answerable for (blame, expense, responsibility, etc.). 
v	(transitive) To admit or be capable of (a meaning); to suffer or sustain without violence, injury, or change. 
v	(transitive) To warrant, justify the need for. 
v	(transitive) To afford, to be something to someone, to supply with something. 
v	(transitive) To carry on, or maintain; to have. 
v	(intransitive, usually with on, upon, or against) To push, thrust, press. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To take effect; to have influence or force; to be relevant. 
v	(intransitive, military, usually with on or upon) Of a weapon, to be aimed at an enemy or other target. 
v	(transitive, ditransitive) To give birth to (someone or something) (may take the father of the direct object as an indirect object). 
v	(transitive, less commonly intransitive) To produce or yield something, such as fruit or crops. 
v	(intransitive, originally nautical) To be, or head, in a specific direction or azimuth (from somewhere). 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To gain or win. 
n	(obsolete) A pillowcase; a fabric case or covering as for a pillow. 
n	A surname. 
n	(as 'the Bear') Ursa Major. 
n	Alternative spelling of bere (“barley”). [(chiefly Scotland) Barley, especially four-rowed barley or six-rowed barley.] 
