n	A stroke; a blow. 
n	A pulsation or throb. 
n	(music) A pulse on the beat level, the metric level at which pulses are heard as the basic unit. Thus a beat is the basic time unit of a piece. 
n	A rhythm. 
n	(music) The rhythm signalled by a conductor or other musician to the members of a group of musicians. 
n	The instrumental portion of a piece of hip-hop music. 
n	The interference between two tones of almost equal frequency 
n	(authorship) A short pause in a play, screenplay, or teleplay, for dramatic or comedic effect. 
n	The route patrolled by a police officer or a guard. 
n	(journalism) The primary focus of a reporter's stories (such as police/courts, education, city government, business etc.). 
n	(dated) An act of reporting news or scientific results before a rival; a scoop. 
n	(colloquial, dated) That which beats, or surpasses, another or others. 
n	(dated or obsolete, Southern US) A precinct. 
n	(dated) A place of habitual or frequent resort. 
n	(Australia) An area frequented by gay men in search of sexual activity. See gay beat. 
n	(archaic) A low cheat or swindler. 
n	(hunting) The act of scouring, or ranging over, a tract of land to rouse or drive out game; also, those so engaged, collectively. 
n	(fencing) A smart tap on the adversary's blade. 
n	(slang) A makeup look; compare beat one's face. 
v	(transitive) To hit; to strike. 
v	(transitive) To strike or pound repeatedly, usually in some sort of rhythm. 
v	(intransitive) To strike repeatedly; to inflict repeated blows; to knock vigorously or loudly. 
v	(intransitive) To move with pulsation or throbbing. 
v	(transitive) To win against; to defeat or overcome; to do or be better than (someone); to excel in a particular, competitive event. 
v	(intransitive, nautical) To sail to windward using a series of alternate tacks across the wind. 
v	(transitive) To strike (water, foliage etc.) in order to drive out game; to travel through (a forest etc.) for hunting. 
v	To mix food in a rapid fashion. Compare whip. 
v	(transitive, UK, in haggling for a price of a buyer) To persuade the seller to reduce a price. 
v	(transitive) To indicate by beating or drumming. 
v	To tread, as a path. 
v	To exercise severely; to perplex; to trouble. 
v	To be in agitation or doubt. 
v	To make a sound when struck. 
v	(military, intransitive) To make a succession of strokes on a drum. 
v	To sound with more or less rapid alternations of greater and lesser intensity, so as to produce a pulsating effect; said of instruments, tones, or vibrations not perfectly in unison. 
v	(transitive) To arrive at a place before someone. 
v	(intransitive, MLE, MTE, slang, vulgar) To have sexual intercourse. 
v	(transitive, slang) To rob. 
v	simple past tense of beat 
adj	(US slang) Exhausted. 
adj	Dilapidated, beat up. 
adj	(African-American Vernacular and gay slang) Having impressively attractive makeup. 
adj	(slang) Boring. 
adj	(slang, of a person) Ugly. 
n	A beatnik. 
adj	Relating to the Beat Generation. 
