n	A prepared spot in which to spend the night. 
n	(usually after a preposition) One's place of sleep or rest. 
n	(uncountable, usually after a preposition) Sleep; rest; getting to sleep. 
n	(uncountable, usually after a preposition) The time for going to sleep or resting in bed; bedtime. 
n	(uncountable) Time spent in a bed. 
n	(figuratively) Marriage. 
n	(figuratively, uncountable) Sexual activity. 
n	The bottom of a body of water, such as an ocean, sea, lake, or river. 
n	An area where a large number of oysters, mussels, other sessile shellfish, or a large amount of seaweed is found. 
n	A garden plot. 
n	A foundation or supporting surface formed of a fluid. 
n	The superficial earthwork, or ballast, of a railroad. 
n	The platform of a truck, trailer, railcar, or other vehicle that supports the load to be hauled. 
n	A shaped piece of timber to hold a cask clear of a ship’s floor; a pallet. 
n	(printing, dated) The flat part of the press, on which the form is laid. 
n	(computing) The flat surface of a scanner on which a document is placed to be scanned. 
n	A piece of music, normally instrumental, over which a radio DJ talks. 
n	(darts) Any of the sections of a dartboard with a point value, delimited by a wire. 
n	(trampoline) The taut surface of a trampoline. 
n	A deposit of ore, coal, etc. 
n	(geology) The smallest division of a geologic formation or stratigraphic rock series marked by well-defined divisional planes (bedding planes) separating it from layers above and below. 
n	(masonry) The horizontal surface of a building stone. 
n	(masonry) The lower surface of a brick, slate, or tile. 
n	(masonry) A course of stone or brick in a wall. 
v	(intransitive) To go to bed. 
v	(transitive) To place in a bed. 
v	To put oneself to sleep. 
v	(transitive) To furnish with a bed or bedding. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To have sexual intercourse with. 
v	(transitive) To lay or put in any hollow place, or place of rest and security, surrounded or enclosed; to embed. 
v	(transitive) To set in a soft matrix, as paving stones in sand, or tiles in cement. 
v	(transitive) To set out (plants) in a garden bed. 
v	(transitive) To dress or prepare the surface of (stone) so it can serve as a bed. 
v	(transitive) To lay flat; to lay in order; to place in a horizontal or recumbent position. 
v	To settle, as machinery. 
n	Abbreviation of bedroom. [A room in a house where a bed is kept for sleeping.] 
n	Alternative form of B.Ed. (Bachelor of Education). [Bachelor of Education.] 
n	Initialism of banana equivalent dose. [(biology) The radiation dose equivalent of consuming an average banana, equal to 0.01 mrem or 0.1 μSv.] 
n	Initialism of binge eating disorder. [(medicine) Recurrent binge eating, but without the purging associated with bulimia nervosa] 
