n	A percussive instrument made of metal or other hard material, typically but not always in the shape of an inverted cup with a flared rim, which resonates when struck. 
n	An instrument that emits a ringing sound, situated on a bicycle's handlebar and used by the cyclist to warn of his or her presence. 
n	The sounding of a bell as a signal. 
n	(chiefly Britain, informal) A telephone call. 
n	A signal at a school that tells the students when a class is starting or ending. 
n	(music) The flared end of a brass or woodwind instrument. 
n	(nautical) Any of a series of strokes on a bell (or similar), struck every half hour to indicate the time (within a four hour watch) 
n	The flared end of a pipe, designed to mate with a narrow spigot. 
n	(computing) The bell character. 
n	Anything shaped like a bell, such as the cup or corolla of a flower. 
n	(architecture) The part of the capital of a column included between the abacus and neck molding; also used for the naked core of nearly cylindrical shape, assumed to exist within the leafage of a capital. 
n	(Scotland, archaic) A bubble. 
v	(transitive) To attach a bell to. 
v	(transitive) To shape so that it flares out like a bell. 
v	(slang, transitive) To telephone. 
v	(intransitive) To develop bells or corollas; to take the form of a bell; to blossom. 
v	(intransitive) To bellow or roar. 
v	(transitive) To utter in a loud manner; to thunder forth. 
n	The bellow or bay of certain animals, such as a hound on the hunt or a stag in rut. 
n	A surname of Scottish and northern English origin for a bell ringer, bellmaker, or from someone who lived "at the Bell (inn)." 
n	The Bell telephone company (after Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone.) 
n	A male given name transferred from the surname, of occasional usage. 
n	A female given name, variant of Belle; mostly used as a middle name in the 19th century. 
n	A city in Los Angeles County, California. 
n	A town in Gilchrist County, Florida. 
n	An unincorporated community in Logan County, Illinois. 
n	A census-designated place in Adair County, Oklahoma. 
n	A town in Bayfield County, Wisconsin. 
n	Three townships in Pennsylvania. 
n	A village in Eastern Cape, South Africa. 
n	A village in the City of Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia. 
n	A rural town in Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. 
n	A municipality in Mayen-Koblenz, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. 
n	A municipality in Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis, Rhineland-Palatinate. 
n	(US, Canada) a telephone utility; a Baby Bell. 
