v	(transitive) To cause (something) to change its shape into a curve, by physical force, chemical action, or any other means. 
v	(intransitive) To become curved. 
v	(transitive) To cause to change direction. 
v	(intransitive) To change direction. 
v	(intransitive) To be inclined; to direct itself. 
v	(intransitive, usually with "down") To stoop. 
v	(intransitive) To bow in prayer, or in token of submission. 
v	(transitive) To force to submit. 
v	(intransitive) To submit. 
v	(transitive) To apply to a task or purpose. 
v	(intransitive) To apply oneself to a task or purpose. 
v	(transitive) To adapt or interpret to for a purpose or beneficiary. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To tie, as in securing a line to a cleat; to shackle a chain to an anchor; make fast. 
v	(transitive, music) To smoothly change the pitch of a note. 
v	(intransitive, nautical) To swing the body when rowing. 
n	A curve. 
n	Any of the various knots which join the ends of two lines. 
n	(in the plural, medicine, underwater diving, with the) A severe condition caused by excessively quick decompression, causing bubbles of nitrogen to form in the blood; decompression sickness. 
n	(heraldry) One of the honourable ordinaries formed by two diagonal lines drawn from the dexter chief to the sinister base; it generally occupies a fifth part of the shield if uncharged, but if charged one third. 
n	(obsolete) Turn; purpose; inclination; ends. 
n	In the leather trade, the best quality of sole leather; a butt; sometimes, half a butt cut lengthwise. 
n	(mining) Hard, indurated clay; bind. 
n	(nautical, in the plural) The thickest and strongest planks in a ship's sides, more generally called wales, which have the beams, knees, and futtocks bolted to them. 
n	(nautical, in the plural) The frames or ribs that form the ship's body from the keel to the top of the sides. 
n	(music) A glissando, or glide between one pitch and another. 
n	A ghost town and former railway community in central British Columbia, Canada. Named after a 90-degree curve in the railway line. 
n	A census-designated place in Tehama County, California, United States. 
n	An unincorporated community in Maries County, Missouri, United States. 
n	A city, the county seat of Deschutes County, Oregon, United States. 
n	An unincorporated community in Meade County, South Dakota, United States. 
n	An unincorporated community in Lampasas County and San Saba County, Texas, United States. 
n	A surname. 
