n	Any of various bladed or pointed hand weapons, originally designating an Anglo-Saxon sword, and later a weapon of infantry, especially in the 14th and 15th centuries, commonly consisting of a broad, heavy, double-edged, hook-shaped blade, with a short pike at the back and another at the top, attached to the end of a long staff. 
n	A cutting instrument, with hook-shaped point, and fitted with a handle, used in pruning, etc.; a billhook. 
n	Somebody armed with a bill; a billman. 
n	A pickaxe, or mattock. 
n	(nautical) The extremity of the arm of an anchor; the point of or beyond the fluke (also called the peak). 
v	(transitive) To dig, chop, etc., with a bill. 
n	The beak of a bird, especially when small or flattish; sometimes also used with reference to a platypus, turtle, or other animal. 
n	A beak-like projection, especially a promontory. 
n	Of a cap or hat: the brim or peak, serving as a shade to keep sun off the face and out of the eyes. 
v	(obsolete) to peck 
v	to stroke bill against bill, with reference to doves; to caress in fondness 
n	A written list or inventory. (Now obsolete except in specific senses or set phrases; bill of lading, bill of goods, etc.) 
n	A document, originally sealed; a formal statement or official memorandum. (Now obsolete except with certain qualifying words; bill of health, bill of sale etc.) 
n	A draft of a law, presented to a legislature for enactment; a proposed or projected law. 
n	(obsolete, law) A declaration made in writing, stating some wrong the complainant has suffered from the defendant, or a fault committed by some person against a law. 
n	(US, Canada) A piece of paper money; a banknote. 
n	A written note of goods sold, services rendered, or work done, with the price or charge; an invoice. 
n	A paper, written or printed, and posted up or given away, to advertise something, as a lecture, a play, or the sale of goods 
n	A writing binding the signer or signers to pay a certain sum at a future day or on demand, with or without interest, as may be stated in the document; a bill of exchange. In the United States, it is usually called a note, a note of hand, or a promissory note. 
n	A set of items presented together. 
v	(transitive) To advertise by a bill or public notice. 
v	(transitive) To charge; to send a bill to. 
n	The bell, or boom, of the bittern. 
n	A diminutive of the male given name William. 
n	A surname. 
n	(Britain, slang) A nickname for the British constabulary. Often called "The Bill" or "Old Bill" 
