v	(intransitive) To tie; to confine by any ligature. 
v	(intransitive) To cohere or stick together in a mass. 
v	(intransitive) To be restrained from motion, or from customary or natural action, as by friction. 
v	(intransitive) To exert a binding or restraining influence. 
v	(transitive) To tie or fasten tightly together, with a cord, band, ligature, chain, etc. 
v	(transitive) To confine, restrain, or hold by physical force or influence of any kind. 
v	(transitive) To couple. 
v	(figuratively) To oblige, restrain, or hold, by authority, law, duty, promise, vow, affection, or other social tie. 
v	(law) To put (a person) under definite legal obligations, especially, under the obligation of a bond or covenant. 
v	(law) To place under legal obligation to serve. 
v	(transitive) To protect or strengthen by applying a band or binding, as the edge of a carpet or garment. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To make fast (a thing) about or upon something, as by tying; to encircle with something. 
v	(transitive) To cover, as with a bandage. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To prevent or restrain from customary or natural action, as by producing constipation. 
v	(transitive) To put together in a cover, as of books. 
v	(transitive, chemistry) To make two or more elements stick together. 
v	(transitive, programming) To associate an identifier with a value; to associate a variable name, method name, etc. with the content of a storage location. 
v	(transitive, programming) To process one or more object modules into an executable program. 
v	(UK, dialect) To complain; to whine about something. 
v	(intransitive, LGBT) To wear a binder so as to flatten one's chest to give the appearance of a flat chest, usually done by trans men. 
n	That which binds or ties. 
n	A troublesome situation; a problem; a predicament or quandary. 
n	Any twining or climbing plant or stem, especially a hop vine; a bine. 
n	(music) A ligature or tie for grouping notes. 
n	(chess) A strong grip or stranglehold on a position, which is difficult for the opponent to break. 
n	The indurated clay of coal mines. 
