v	(transitive) To cut into something by clamping the teeth. 
v	(transitive) To hold something by clamping one's teeth. 
v	(intransitive) To attack with the teeth. 
v	(intransitive) To behave aggressively; to reject advances. 
v	(intransitive) To take hold; to establish firm contact with. 
v	(intransitive) To have significant effect, often negative. 
v	(intransitive, of a fish) To bite a baited hook or other lure and thus be caught. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To accept something offered, often secretly or deceptively, to cause some action by the acceptor. 
v	(intransitive, transitive, of an insect) To sting. 
v	(intransitive) To cause a smarting sensation; to have a property which causes such a sensation; to be pungent. 
v	(transitive, sometimes figuratively) To cause sharp pain or damage to; to hurt or injure. 
v	(intransitive) To cause sharp pain; to produce anguish; to hurt or injure; to have the property of so doing. 
v	(intransitive) To take or keep a firm hold. 
v	(transitive) To take hold of; to hold fast; to adhere to. 
v	(intransitive, slang) To lack quality; to be worthy of derision; to suck. 
v	(transitive, informal, vulgar) To perform oral sex on. Used in invective. 
v	(intransitive, African-American Vernacular, slang) To plagiarize, to imitate. 
v	(obsolete) To deceive or defraud; to take in. 
n	The act of biting. 
n	The wound left behind after having been bitten. 
n	The swelling of one's skin caused by an insect's mouthparts or sting. 
n	A piece of food of a size that would be produced by biting; a mouthful. 
n	(slang) Something unpleasant. 
n	(slang) An act of plagiarism. 
n	A small meal or snack. 
n	(figuratively) aggression 
n	The hold which the short end of a lever has upon the thing to be lifted, or the hold which one part of a machine has upon another. 
n	(colloquial, dated) A cheat; a trick; a fraud. 
n	(colloquial, dated, slang) A sharper; one who cheats. 
n	(printing) A blank on the edge or corner of a page, owing to a portion of the frisket, or something else, intervening between the type and paper. 
n	(slang) A cut, a proportion of profits; an amount of money. 
n	(television) Short for sound bite. [(journalism, television) An extract from a speech or interview used as edited into a news or other broadcast; an interview clip, especially seen as particularly expressive or pithy.] 
