adj	(of an object) Absorbing all light and reflecting none; dark and hueless. 
adj	(of a place, etc) Without light. 
adj	(sometimes capitalized) Belonging to or descended from any of various (African, Aboriginal, etc) ethnic groups which typically have dark pigmentation of the skin. (See usage notes below.) 
adj	(chiefly historical) Designated for use by those ethnic groups (as described above). 
adj	(card games, of a card) Of the spades or clubs suits. Compare red (“of the hearts or diamonds suit”) 
adj	Bad; evil; ill-omened. 
adj	Expressing menace, or discontent; threatening; sullen. 
adj	(of objects, markets, etc) Illegitimate, illegal or disgraced. 
adj	Foul; dirty, soiled. 
adj	(Ireland, informal) Overcrowded. 
adj	(of coffee or tea) Without any cream, milk, or creamer. 
adj	(board games, chess) Of or relating to the playing pieces of a board game deemed to belong to the "black" set (in chess the set used by the player who moves second) (often regardless of the pieces' actual colour). 
adj	(politics) Anarchist; of or pertaining to anarchism. 
adj	(typography) Said of a symbol or character that is solid, filled with color. Compare white (“said of a character or symbol outline, not filled with color”). 
adj	(politics) Related to the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. 
adj	Clandestine; relating to a political, military, or espionage operation or site, the existence or details of which is withheld from the general public. 
adj	Occult; relating to something (such as mystical or magical knowledge) which is unknown to or kept secret from the general public. 
adj	(Ireland, now derogatory) Protestant, often with the implication of being militantly pro-British or anti-Catholic. (Compare blackmouth ("Presbyterian").) 
adj	Having one or more features (hair, fur, armour, clothes, bark, etc) that is dark (or black); in taxonomy, especially: dark in comparison to another species with the same base name. 
n	(countable and uncountable) The colour/color perceived in the absence of light, but also when no light is reflected, but rather absorbed. 
n	(countable and uncountable) A black dye or pigment. 
n	(countable) A pen, pencil, crayon, etc., made of black pigment. 
n	(in the plural) Black cloth hung up at funerals. 
n	(sometimes capitalised, countable, often offensive) A member of descendant of any of various (African, Aboriginal, etc) ethnic groups which typically have dark pigmentation of the skin. (See usage notes.) 
n	(informal) Blackness, the condition of belonging to or being descended from one of these ethnic groups. 
n	(billiards, snooker, pool, countable) The black ball. 
n	(baseball, countable) The edge of home plate. 
n	(Britain, countable) A type of firecracker that is really more dark brown in colour. 
n	(informal, countable) Blackcurrant syrup (in mixed drinks, e.g. snakebite and black, cider and black). 
n	(in chess and similar games, countable) The person playing with the black set of pieces. 
n	(countable) Something, or a part of a thing, which is black. 
n	(obsolete, countable) A stain; a spot. 
n	A dark smut fungus, harmful to wheat. 
n	(US, slang) Marijuana. 
v	(transitive) To make black; to blacken. 
v	(transitive) To apply blacking to (something). 
v	(Britain, transitive) To boycott, usually as part of an industrial dispute. 
n	A surname transferred from the nickname. 
n	A town in Geneva County, Alabama. 
n	An unincorporated community in Edwards County, Illinois. 
n	A township in Posey County, Indiana; from the surname. 
n	An unincorporated community in Reynolds County, Missouri. 
n	A township in Somerset County, Pennsylvania; from the surname. 
n	An unincorporated community in Mercer County and Wyoming County, West Virginia. 
adj	Alternative letter-case form of black (“of or relating to any of various ethnic groups having dark pigmentation of the skin”) [(of an object) Absorbing all light and reflecting none; dark and hueless.] 
n	Alternative letter-case form of black (“person having dark pigmentation of the skin”) [(countable and uncountable) The colour/color perceived in the absence of light, but also when no light is reflected, but rather absorbed.] 
