n	(metonymically) A sword or knife. 
n	The flat functional end or piece of a propeller, oar, hockey stick, chisel, screwdriver, skate, etc. 
n	The narrow leaf of a grass or cereal. 
n	(botany) The thin, flat part of a plant leaf, attached to a stem (petiole). The lamina. 
n	A flat bone, especially the shoulder blade. 
n	A cut of beef from near the shoulder blade (part of the chuck). 
n	(chiefly phonetics, phonology) The part of the tongue just behind the tip, used to make laminal consonants. 
n	(archaeology) A piece of prepared, sharp-edged stone, often flint, at least twice as long as it is wide; a long flake of ground-edge stone or knapped vitreous stone. 
n	(ultimate frisbee) A throw characterized by a tight parabolic trajectory due to a steep lateral attitude. 
n	(sailing) The rudder, daggerboard, or centerboard of a vessel. 
n	A bulldozer or surface-grading machine with mechanically adjustable blade that is nominally perpendicular to the forward motion of the vehicle. 
n	(dated) A dashing young man. 
n	(slang, chiefly US) A homosexual, usually male. 
n	Thin plate, foil. 
n	(photography) One of a series of small plates that make up the aperture or the shutter of a camera. 
n	(architecture, in the plural) The principal rafters of a roof. 
n	(biology) The four large shell plates on the sides, and the five large ones of the middle, of the carapace of the sea turtle, which yield the best tortoise shell. 
n	(computing) A blade server. 
n	(climbing) Synonym of knifeblade 
n	(mathematics) An exterior product of vectors. (The product may have more than two factors. Also, a scalar counts as a 0-blade, a vector as a 1-blade; an exterior product of k vectors may be called a k-blade.) 
n	The part of a key that is inserted into the lock. 
n	(athletics, disability sports, informal) An artificial foot used by amputee athletes, shaped like an upside-down interrogation mark. 
v	(informal) To skate on rollerblades. 
v	(transitive) To furnish with a blade. 
v	(intransitive, poetic) To put forth or have a blade. 
v	(transitive) To stab with a blade 
v	(transitive, professional wrestling, slang) To cut (a person) so as to provoke bleeding. 
n	(soccer) someone connected with Sheffield United Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc. 
n	Short for razor blade. [A thin piece of steel with a sharp edge that can be fitted into a razor.] 
