adj	(not comparable) Unable to see, due to physiological or neurological factors. 
adj	(comparable) Failing to see, acknowledge, perceive. 
adj	(not comparable) Of a place, having little or no visibility. 
adj	(not comparable) Closed at one end; having a dead end; exitless. 
adj	(not comparable) Having no openings for light or passage; both dark and exitless. 
adj	(in certain phrases, chiefly in the negative) Smallest or slightest. 
adj	(not comparable) Without any prior knowledge. 
adj	(not comparable) Unconditional; without regard to evidence, logic, reality, accidental mistakes, extenuating circumstances, etc. 
adj	(sciences) Using blinded study design, wherein information is purposely limited to prevent bias. 
adj	Unintelligible or illegible. 
adj	(horticulture) Abortive; failing to produce flowers or fruit. 
adj	(LGBT, slang) Uncircumcised 
n	A movable covering for a window to keep out light, made of cloth or of narrow slats that can block light or allow it to pass. 
n	A destination sign mounted on a public transport vehicle displaying the route destination, number, name and/or via points, etc. 
n	Any device intended to conceal or hide. 
n	Something to mislead the eye or the understanding, or to conceal some covert deed or design; a subterfuge. 
n	(military) A blindage. 
n	A hiding place. 
n	(rugby, colloquial) The blindside. 
n	(baseball, slang, 1800s) No score. 
n	(poker) A forced bet: the small blind or the big blind. 
n	(poker) A player who is forced to pay such a bet. 
v	(transitive) To make temporarily or permanently blind. 
v	(slang, obsolete) To curse. 
v	To darken; to obscure to the eye or understanding; to conceal. 
v	To cover with a thin coating of sand and fine gravel, for example a road newly paved, in order that the joints between the stones may be filled. 
adv	Without seeing; unseeingly. 
adv	(colloquial) Absolutely, totally. 
adv	(poker, three card brag) Without looking at the cards dealt. 
adv	(cooking, especially in combination with 'bake') As a pastry case only, without any filling. 
n	A surname. 
