v	(intransitive) To produce an air current. 
v	(transitive) To propel by an air current (or, if under water, a water current), usually with the mouth. 
v	(intransitive) To be propelled by an air current. 
v	(figuratively) To direct or move, usually of a person to a particular location. 
v	(transitive) To create or shape by blowing; as in to blow bubbles, to blow glass. 
v	(transitive) To force a current of air upon with the mouth, or by other means. 
v	(transitive) To clear of contents by forcing air through. 
v	(transitive) To cause to make sound by blowing, as a musical instrument. 
v	(intransitive) To make a sound as the result of being blown. 
v	(intransitive, of a cetacean) To exhale visibly through the spout the seawater which it has taken in while feeding. 
v	(intransitive) To explode. 
v	(transitive, with "up" or with prep phrase headed by "to") To cause to explode, shatter, or be utterly destroyed. 
v	(transitive, historical, military, of a person) To blow from a gun. 
v	(transitive) To cause the sudden destruction of. 
v	(intransitive) To suddenly fail destructively. 
v	(transitive, slang) To recklessly squander. 
v	(transitive, informal, idiomatic) To fail at something; to mess up; to make a mistake. 
v	(intransitive) (used to express displeasure or frustration) Damn. 
v	(intransitive, slang, sometimes considered vulgar) To be very undesirable. 
v	(transitive, vulgar) To fellate; to perform oral sex on (usually a man). 
v	(transitive, slang) To leave, especially suddenly or in a hurry. 
v	(transitive) To make flyblown, to defile, especially with fly eggs. 
v	(intransitive) (of a fly) To lay eggs; to breed. 
v	(obsolete) To spread by report; to publish; to disclose. 
v	(obsolete) To inflate, as with pride; to puff up. 
v	(intransitive) To breathe hard or quick; to pant; to puff. 
v	(transitive) To put out of breath; to cause to blow from fatigue. 
v	(dated) To talk loudly; boast; brag. 
v	(UK, slang, archaic) To expose, or inform on. 
v	(slang, informal, African-American Vernacular) To sing. 
v	(Scientology, intransitive) To leave the Church of Scientology in an unauthorized manner. 
v	(slang, colloquial) To flatulate or defecate. 
n	A strong wind. 
n	(informal) A chance to catch one's breath. 
n	(uncountable, US, slang) Cocaine. 
n	(uncountable, UK, slang) Cannabis. 
n	(uncountable, US Chicago Regional, slang) Heroin. 
n	(informal, vulgar) A blowjob; fellatio. 
n	(nautical) An instance of using high-pressure air to empty water from the ballast tanks of a submarine, increasing the submarine's buoyancy and causing it to surface. 
adj	(now chiefly dialectal, Northern England) Blue. 
n	The act of striking or hitting. 
n	A sudden or forcible act or effort; an assault. 
n	A damaging occurrence. 
n	(Australia, shearing, historical) A cut made to a sheep's fleece by a shearer using hand-shears. 
n	(Australia, New Zealand) An outcrop of quartz from surrounding rock, thought to indicate mineral deposits below. 
n	(television) Synonym of button (“the punchy or suspenseful line of dialogue that concludes a scene”) 
v	To blossom; to cause to bloom or blossom. 
n	A mass or display of flowers; a yield. 
n	A display of anything brilliant or bright. 
n	A bloom, state of flowering. 
n	A surname. 
