n	A relatively long, wide and thin piece of any material, usually wood or similar, often for use in construction or furniture-making. 
n	A device (e.g., switchboard) containing electrical switches and other controls and designed to control lights, sound, telephone connections, etc. 
n	A flat surface with markings for playing a board game. 
n	A committee that manages the business of an organization, e.g., a board of directors. 
n	(uncountable) Regular meals or the amount paid for them in a place of lodging. 
n	(nautical) The side of a ship. 
n	(nautical) The distance a sailing vessel runs between tacks when working to windward. 
n	(ice hockey, often in the plural) The wall that surrounds an ice hockey rink. 
n	(archaic) A long, narrow table, like that used in a medieval dining hall. 
n	Paper made thick and stiff like a board, for book covers, etc.; pasteboard. 
n	(video games) A level or stage having a particular layout. 
n	(bridge) A container for holding pre-dealt cards that is used to allow multiple sets of players to play the same cards. 
v	(transitive) To step or climb onto or otherwise enter a ship, aircraft, train or other conveyance. 
v	(transitive) To provide someone with meals and lodging, usually in exchange for money. 
v	(transitive) To receive meals and lodging in exchange for money. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To capture an enemy ship by going alongside and grappling her, then invading her with a boarding party 
v	(intransitive) To obtain meals, or meals and lodgings, statedly for compensation 
v	(transitive, now rare) To approach (someone); to make advances to, accost. 
v	To cover with boards or boarding. 
v	To hit (someone) with a wooden board. 
v	(transitive) To write something on a board, especially a blackboard or whiteboard. 
n	(basketball, informal) A rebound. 
n	A surname. 
n	Short for blackboard, whiteboard, chessboard, surfboard, circuit board, message board (on the Internet), etc. [A large flat surface, finished with black slate or a similar material, that can be written upon with chalk and subsequently erased; a chalkboard.] 
n	(computing, Internet) Short for message board. [A board on which messages may be posted, especially one in a public space.] 
n	(computing, Internet) Short for bulletin board. [A board on which messages may be posted, especially one in a public space.] 
