n	(dated, often with the) The atomic bomb. 
n	(figuratively) Events or conditions that have a speedy destructive effect. 
n	(archaic) A mortar shell. 
n	(colloquial) Any explosive charge. 
n	(slang) A failure; an unpopular commercial product. 
n	(US, Australia, informal) A car in poor condition. 
n	(UK, Australia, slang) A large amount of money. 
n	(chiefly Britain, slang) A success; the bomb. 
n	(chiefly Britain, India, slang) A very attractive woman. 
n	(often in combination) An action or statement that causes a strong reaction. 
n	(American football, slang) A long forward pass. 
n	(rugby, soccer, slang) A high kick that sends the ball relatively straight up so players can get under it before it comes down. 
n	(basketball, slang) A throw into the basket from a considerable distance. 
n	A cyclone whose central pressure drops at an average rate of at least one millibar per hour for at least 24 hours. 
n	(chemistry) A heavy-walled container designed to permit chemical reactions under high pressure. 
n	(obsolete) A great booming noise; a hollow sound. 
n	(slang) A woman’s breast. 
n	(professional wrestling) A professional wrestling throw in which an opponent is lifted and then slammed back-first down to the mat. 
n	(slang) A recreational drug ground up, wrapped, and swallowed. 
n	(colloquial) An act of jumping into water while keeping one's arms and legs tucked into the body, as in a squatting position, to maximize splashing. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To attack using one or more bombs; to bombard. 
v	(transitive, figuratively, often with with) To attack or annoy in the manner of a bombing. 
v	To jump into water in a squatting position, with the arms wrapped around the legs. 
v	To add an excessive amount of chlorine to a pool when it has not been maintained properly. 
v	(especially with along, down, up etc.) To move at high speed. 
v	(reflexive) To make oneself drunk. 
v	To cover an area in many graffiti tags. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To fail dismally. 
v	(intransitive, computing) To crash. 
v	(transitive) To make a smelly mess in a toilet. 
v	(obsolete) To sound; to boom; to make a humming or buzzing sound. 
adj	(slang) Great, awesome. 
n	(informal) The atomic bomb; the capacity to launch a nuclear attack. 
n	(historical, archaic) Ellipsis of bomb ship. [(military, nautical, historical) A ship armed with high-angle mortars firing explosive or carcass shells, and specialized for shore bombardment.] 
