n	A collection of sheets of paper bound together to hinge at one edge, containing printed or written material, pictures, etc. 
n	A long work fit for publication, typically prose, such as a novel or textbook, and typically published as such a bound collection of sheets, but now sometimes electronically as an e-book. 
n	A major division of a long work. 
n	(gambling) A record of betting (from the use of a notebook to record what each person has bet). 
n	(informal) A bookmaker (a person who takes bets on sporting events and similar); bookie; turf accountant. 
n	A convenient collection, in a form resembling a book, of small paper items for individual use. 
n	(theater) The script of a musical or opera. 
n	(usually in the plural) Records of the accounts of a business. 
n	(law, colloquial) A book award, a recognition for receiving the highest grade in a class (traditionally an actual book, but recently more likely a letter or certificate acknowledging the achievement). 
n	(whist) Six tricks taken by one side. 
n	(poker slang) Four of a kind. 
n	(sports) A document, held by the referee, of the incidents happened in the game. 
n	(sports, by extension) A list of all players who have been booked (received a warning) in a game. 
n	(cartomancy) The twenty-sixth Lenormand card. 
n	(figuratively) Any source of instruction. 
n	(with "the") The accumulated body of knowledge passed down among black pimps. 
n	(advertising, informal) A portfolio of one's previous work in the industry. 
v	(transitive) To reserve (something) for future use. 
v	(transitive) To write down, to register or record in a book or as in a book. 
v	(transitive) To add a name to the list of people who are participating in something. 
v	(law enforcement, transitive) To record the name and other details of a suspected offender and the offence for later judicial action. 
v	(sports) To issue a caution to, usually a yellow card, or a red card if a yellow card has already been issued. 
v	(intransitive, slang) To travel very fast. 
v	To record bets as bookmaker. 
v	(transitive, law student slang) To receive the highest grade in a class. 
v	(intransitive, slang) To leave. 
v	(UK dialectal, Northern England) simple past tense of bake 
n	A surname. 
