v	To make a loud, hollow, resonant sound. 
v	(transitive, figuratively, of speech) To exclaim with force, to shout, to thunder. 
v	Of a Eurasian bittern, to make its deep, resonant territorial vocalisation. 
v	(transitive) To make something boom. 
v	(aviation) To subject to a sonic boom. 
v	(slang, US, obsolete) To publicly praise. 
v	To rush with violence and noise, as a ship under a press of sail, before a free wind. 
v	(computer chess) To rapidly adjust the evaluation of a position away from zero, indicating a likely win or loss. 
n	A low-pitched, resonant sound, such as of an explosion. 
n	A rapid expansion or increase. 
n	One of the calls of certain monkeys or birds. 
n	(computer chess) An instance of booming. 
n	(nautical) A spar extending the foot of a sail; a spar rigged outboard from a ship's side to which boats are secured in harbour. 
n	A movable pole used to support a microphone or camera. 
n	(by extension) A microphone supported on such a pole. 
n	A horizontal member of a crane or derrick, used for lifting. 
n	(electronics) The longest element of a Yagi antenna, on which the other, smaller ones are transversally mounted. 
n	A floating barrier used to obstruct navigation, for military or other purposes; or used for the containment of an oil spill or to control the flow of logs from logging operations. 
n	A wishbone-shaped piece of windsurfing equipment. 
n	The section of the arm on a backhoe closest to the tractor. 
n	A gymnastics apparatus similar to a balance beam. 
v	To extend, or push, with a boom or pole. 
v	(usually with "up" or "down") To raise or lower with a crane boom. 
n	(economics, business) A period of prosperity, growth, progress, or high market activity. 
v	(intransitive) To flourish, grow, or progress. 
v	(transitive, dated) To cause to advance rapidly in price. 
n	A Belgian town and municipality in the southwest of the Flemish province of Antwerp. 
n	(aviation) Ellipsis of sonic boom. [(physics, aerodynamics) The audible effect of a shock wave in the air, especially one caused by an aircraft flying faster than the speed of sound.] 
