n	A garment worn to cover the body below the torso. 
n	Spirits poured into a glass before adding soda water. 
n	The far end of somewhere. 
n	(uncountable, Britain, slang) Character, reliability, staying power, dignity, integrity or sound judgment. 
n	(dated, uncountable) Power of endurance. 
n	The base; the fundamental part; basic aspect. 
n	(now chiefly US) Low-lying land; a valley or hollow. 
n	(usually: bottoms or bottomland) Low-lying land near a river with alluvial soil. 
n	The buttocks or anus. 
n	(often figuratively) The lowest part of a container. 
n	The bed of a body of water, as of a river, lake, or sea. 
n	An abyss. 
n	(nautical) A cargo vessel, a ship. 
n	(nautical) Certain parts of a vessel, particularly the cargo hold or the portion of the ship that is always underwater. 
n	(baseball) The second half of an inning, the home team's turn at bat. 
n	(BDSM) A submissive in sadomasochistic sexual activity. 
n	(gay slang) A man who prefers the receptive role in anal sex with men. 
n	A ball or skein of thread; a cocoon. 
n	(obsolete) Dregs or grounds; lees; sediment. 
v	(transitive) To furnish (something) with a bottom. 
v	(transitive) To pour spirits into (a glass to be topped up with soda water). 
v	(obsolete) To wind (like a ball of thread etc.). 
v	(transitive) To establish or found (something) on or upon. 
v	(transitive, chiefly in passive) To lie on the bottom of; to underlie, to lie beneath. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To be based or grounded. 
v	(mechanics, intransitive) To reach or strike against the bottom of something, so as to impede free action. 
v	(transitive) To reach the bottom of something. 
v	To fall to the lowest point. 
v	(BDSM, intransitive) To be the submissive partner in a BDSM relationship. 
v	(gay slang, intransitive) To be anally penetrated in gay sex. 
adj	The lowest or last place or position. 
adj	(transgender) Relating to the genitals. 
n	A surname. 
n	(particle physics) Ellipsis of bottom quark. [(physics) A quark having a fractional electric charge of -1/3 and a mass of about 4,100 to 4,400 MeV.] 
