n	A cuboid space; a cuboid container, often with a hinged lid. 
n	A cuboid container and its contents; as much as fills such a container. 
n	A compartment (as a drawer) of an item of furniture used for storage, such as a cupboard, a shelf, etc. 
n	A compartment or receptacle for receiving items. 
n	A compartment to sit inside in an auditorium, courtroom, theatre, or other building. 
n	The driver's seat on a horse-drawn coach. 
n	A small rectangular shelter. 
n	(figuratively) A predicament or trap. 
n	(slang) A prison cell. 
n	(euphemistic) A coffin. 
n	(slang) Preceded by the: television. 
n	(slang, vulgar) The vagina. 
n	(computing, slang) A computer, or the case in which it is housed. 
n	(slang) A gym dedicated to the CrossFit exercise program. 
n	(cricket) A hard protector for the genitals worn inside the underpants by a batsman or close fielder. 
n	(cricket) Synonym of gully (“a certain fielding position”) 
n	(engineering) A cylindrical casing around the axle of a wheel, a bearing, a gland, etc. 
n	(fencing) A device used in electric fencing to detect whether a weapon has struck an opponent, which connects to a fencer's weapon by a spool and body wire. It uses lights and sound to notify a hit, with different coloured lights for on target and off target hits. 
n	(dated) A small country house. 
n	(colloquial, chiefly Southern US) A stringed instrument with a soundbox, especially a guitar. 
n	A rectangle: an oblong or a square. 
n	(baseball) The rectangle in which the batter stands. 
n	(genetics) One of two specific regions in a promoter. 
n	(juggling) A pattern usually performed with three balls where the movements of the balls make a boxlike shape. 
n	(soccer) The penalty area. 
n	(aviation) A diamond-shaped flying formation consisting of four aircraft. 
v	(transitive) To place inside a box; to pack in one or more boxes. 
v	(transitive) Usually followed by in: to surround and enclose in a way that restricts movement; to corner, to hem in. 
v	(transitive) To mix two containers of paint of similar colour to ensure that the color is identical. 
v	(transitive, agriculture) To make an incision or hole in (a tree) for the purpose of procuring the sap. 
v	(transitive, architecture) To enclose with boarding, lathing, etc., so as to conceal (for example, pipes) or to bring to a required form. 
v	(transitive, engineering) To furnish (for example, the axle of a wheel) with a box. 
v	(transitive, graphic design, printing) To enclose (images, text, etc.) in a box. 
v	(transitive, object-oriented programming) To place a value of a primitive type into a corresponding object. 
n	Any of various evergreen shrubs or trees of the genus Buxus, especially the common box, European box, or boxwood (Buxus sempervirens) which is often used for making hedges and topiary. 
n	The wood from a box tree: boxwood. 
n	(music, slang) A musical instrument, especially one made from boxwood. 
n	(Australia) An evergreen tree of the genus Lophostemon (for example, the box scrub, Brisbane box, brush box, pink box, or Queensland box, Lophostemon confertus). 
n	(Australia) Various species of Eucalyptus trees are popularly called various kinds of boxes, on the basis of the nature of their wood, bark, or appearance for example, the drooping (Eucalyptus bicolor), shiny-leaved (Eucalyptus tereticornis), black, or ironbark box trees. 
n	A blow with the fist. 
v	(transitive) To strike with the fists; to punch. 
v	(transitive, boxing) To fight against (a person) in a boxing match. 
v	(intransitive, boxing) To participate in boxing; to be a boxer. 
n	(dated) A Mediterranean food fish of the genus Boops, which is a variety of sea bream; a bogue or oxeye. 
n	A surname. 
n	A village in Minchinhampton parish, south of Stroud, Gloucestershire, England (OS grid ref SO8600). 
n	A village near Corsham, Wiltshire, England (OS grid ref ST8268). 
n	Short for horsebox (“container for transporting horses”). [(UK) A motor vehicle for transporting horses.] 
n	(automotive) Short for gearbox. [An enclosed gear train.] 
n	(rail transport) Short for signal box. [A building, typically adjacent to or spanning a railway line, from where signals, points and (sometimes) level crossings are controlled.] 
n	(lacrosse, informal) Short for box lacrosse (“indoor form of lacrosse”). [An indoor version of lacrosse played mostly in North America, and distinguished from field lacrosse.] 
