n	A construction spanning a waterway, ravine, or valley from an elevated height, allowing for the passage of vehicles, pedestrians, trains, etc. 
n	(anatomy) The upper bony ridge of the human nose. 
n	(dentistry) A prosthesis replacing one or several adjacent teeth. 
n	(bowling) The gap between the holes on a bowling ball 
n	(nautical) An elevated platform above the upper deck of a mechanically propelled ship from which it is navigated and from which all activities on deck can be seen and controlled by the captain, etc; smaller ships have a wheelhouse, and sailing ships were controlled from a quarterdeck. 
n	(music, lutherie) The piece, on string instruments, that supports the strings from the sounding board. 
n	(billiards, snooker, pool) A particular form of one hand placed on the table to support the cue when making a shot in cue sports. 
n	(billiards, snooker, pool) A cue modified with a convex arch-shaped notched head attached to the narrow end, used to support a player's (shooter's) cue for extended or tedious shots. Also called a spider. 
n	Anything supported at the ends and serving to keep some other thing from resting upon the object spanned, as in engraving, watchmaking, etc., or which forms a platform or staging over which something passes or is conveyed. 
n	(wrestling) A defensive position in which the wrestler is supported by his feet and head, belly-up, in order to prevent touch-down of the shoulders and eventually to dislodge an opponent who has established a position on top. 
n	(gymnastics) A similar position in gymnastics. 
n	(medicine) A rudimentary procedure before definite solution 
n	(computing) A device which connects two or more computer buses, typically in a transparent manner. 
n	(programming) A software component connecting two or more separate systems. 
n	(networking) A system which connects two or more local area networks at layer 2 of OSI model. 
n	(chemistry) An intramolecular valence bond, atom or chain of atoms that connects two different parts of a molecule; the atoms so connected being bridgeheads. 
n	(electronics) An unintended solder connection between two or more components or pins. 
n	(music) A contrasting section within a song that prepares for the return of the original material section. 
n	(graph theory) An edge which, if removed, changes a connected graph to one that is not connected. 
n	(poetry) A point in a line where a break in a word unit cannot occur. 
n	(diplomacy) A statement, such as an offer, that signals a possibility of accord. 
n	A day falling between two public holidays and consequently designated as an additional holiday. 
n	(electronics) Any of several electrical devices that measure characteristics such as impedance and inductance by balancing different parts of a circuit 
n	A low wall or vertical partition in the fire chamber of a furnace, for deflecting flame, etc.; a bridge wall. 
n	(cycling) The situation where a lone rider or small group of riders closes the space between them and the rider or group in front. 
n	A solid crust of undissolved salt in a water softener. 
n	(roller derby) An elongated chain of teammates, connected to the pack, for improved blocking potential. 
v	To be or make a bridge over something. 
v	To span as if with a bridge. 
v	(music) To transition from one piece or section of music to another without stopping. 
v	(computing, communication) To connect two or more computer buses, networks etc. with a bridge. 
v	(wrestling) To go to the bridge position. 
v	(roller derby) To employ the bridge tactic. (See Noun section.) 
n	(card games) A card game played with four players playing as two teams of two players each. 
n	A surname. 
n	A village in Kent, England. 
