adj	Emitting much light; visually dazzling; luminous, lucent, radiant. 
adj	Of light: brilliant, intense. 
adj	Of an object, surface, etc.: reflecting much light; having a high lustre; gleaming, shiny. 
adj	Of a place: not dark; well-lit. 
adj	Of climate or weather: not cloudy or gloomy; fair; also, of a period of time, the sky, etc.: characterized by much sunshine and good weather. 
adj	Clearly apparent; conspicuous. 
adj	Of a colour: not muted or pale; bold, brilliant, vivid. 
adj	Of an object, surface, etc.: having vivid colour(s); colourful. 
adj	Of a musical instrument, sound, or a voice: clearly audible; clear, resounding, and often high-pitched. 
adj	Of a room or other place: having acoustic qualities that tend to cause much echoing or reverberation of sound, particularly at high frequencies. 
adj	Of a scent or taste: not bland or mild; bold, sharp, strong. 
adj	Of a substance: clear, transparent; also, pure, unadulterated; (specifically) of wine: free of suspended particles; not cloudy; fine. 
adj	Glorious; illustrious. 
adj	In good spirits; happy, optimistic. 
adj	Of the face or eyes, or a smile: showing happiness or hopefulness; cheerful, lively. 
adj	Of a person: lively, vivacious. 
adj	Of a period of history or time: happy, prosperous, successful. 
adj	Of an opportunity or outlook: having a reasonable chance of success; favourable, good. 
adj	Of conversation, writing, etc.: imaginative or sparkling with wit; clever, witty. 
adj	Having a clear, quick intellect; intelligent. 
adj	(archaic) 
adj	(music) Of a rhythm or tempo: lively, upbeat. 
adj	(metallurgy) Of a metal object or surface: lacking any protective coating or surface treatment for the prevention of corrosion. 
n	Brightness, glow. 
n	(figuratively) Glory, splendour. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) Something (especially a product intended for sale) that has vivid colours or a lustrous appearance. 
n	A person with a naturalistic worldview with no mystical or supernatural elements. 
n	(painting) An artist's brush used in acrylic and oil painting with a long ferrule and a flat, somewhat tapering bristle head. 
adv	(often literary) In a bright manner; brightly, glowingly, luminously, lustrously. 
adv	Referring to colour: with bold or vivid colours; brightly, boldly, vividly. 
adv	(archaic) Referring to sight, sound, understanding, etc.: clearly, distinctly; brightly. 
v	(transitive) Often followed by up: to cast light on (someone or something); to brighten, to illuminate. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) Often followed by up: to cause (someone or something) to be bright (in various senses); to brighten; specifically, to make (someone or something) energetic, or happy and optimistic. 
v	(intransitive, also figuratively) Often followed by up: to become bright (in various senses); to brighten. 
n	A surname. 
n	A census-designated place in Dearborn County, Indiana, United States. 
n	An unincorporated comminity in Roane County, West Virginia, United States. 
n	An unincorporated community in Green Grove, Clark County, Wisconsin, United States. 
n	A civil parish in York County, New Brunswick, Canada. 
n	A town in Alpine Shire, north-east Victoria, Australia. 
n	A civil parish and townland in County Down, Northern Ireland. 
