n	(countable and uncountable) A colour like that of chocolate or coffee. 
n	(snooker, countable) One of the colour balls used in snooker, with a value of 4 points. 
n	(uncountable) Black tar heroin. 
n	(slang, archaic, countable) A copper coin. 
n	A brown horse or other animal. 
n	(sometimes capitalised, countable, informal) A person of Latino, Middle Eastern or South Asian descent; a brown-skinned person; someone of mulatto or biracial appearance. 
n	(entomology) Any of various nymphalid butterflies of subfamily Satyrinae (formerly the family Satyridae). 
n	(entomology) Any of certain species of nymphalid butterflies of subfamily Satyrinae, such as those of the genera Heteronympha and Melanitis. 
n	(informal) A brown trout (Salmo trutta). 
n	(hunting, as "the brown") A mass of birds or animals that may be indiscriminately fired at. 
adj	Having a brown colour. 
adj	(obsolete) Gloomy. 
adj	(US) Latino 
adj	(of Asians) South Asian 
adj	(of East Asians) Southeast Asian 
v	(intransitive) To become brown. 
v	(cooking, transitive) To cook something until it becomes brown. 
v	(intransitive, transitive) To tan. 
v	(transitive) To make brown or dusky. 
v	(transitive) To give a bright brown colour to, as to gun barrels, by forming a thin coating of oxide on their surface. 
v	(demography, transitive, intransitive, slang, ethnic slur, usually derogatory, offensive) To turn progressively more Hispanic or Latino, in the context of the population of a geographic region. 
n	An English and Scottish surname transferred from the nickname. 
n	An Irish surname of Anglo-Norman origin, a translation of de Brún. 
n	An unincorporated community in California; named for hotelier George Brown. 
n	An unincorporated community in Louisiana; named for landowner George W. Brown. 
n	An unincorporated community in Oklahoma; named for postmaster Robert H. Brown. 
n	An unincorporated community in West Virginia; named for early settler John Brown. 
n	A ghost town in Nevada. 
n	A number of townships in the United States, listed under Brown Township. 
n	Brown University. 
n	Alternative letter-case form of brown (“person with a dark complexion”) [(countable and uncountable) A colour like that of chocolate or coffee.] 
adj	Alternative letter-case form of brown (“of a dark complexion”) [Having a brown colour.] 
