n	A telephone conversation; a phone call. 
n	An instance of calling someone on the telephone. 
n	A short visit, usually for social purposes. 
n	(nautical) A visit by a ship or boat to a port. 
n	A cry or shout. 
n	A decision or judgement. 
n	The characteristic cry of a bird or other animal. 
n	A beckoning or summoning. 
n	The right to speak at a given time during a debate or other public event; the floor. 
n	(cricket) The act of calling to the other batsman. 
n	(cricket) The state of being the batsman whose role it is to call (depends on where the ball goes.) 
n	(uncountable) A work shift which requires one to be available when requested, i.e. on call. 
n	(computing) The act of jumping to a subprogram, saving the means to return to the original point. 
n	A statement of a particular state, or rule, made in many games such as bridge, craps, jacks, and so on. 
n	(poker) The act of matching a bet made by a player who has previously bet in the same round of betting. 
n	A note blown on the horn to encourage the dogs in a hunt. 
n	(nautical) A whistle or pipe, used by the boatswain and his mate to summon the sailors to duty. 
n	A pipe or other instrument to call birds or animals by imitating their note or cry. A game call. 
n	An invitation to take charge of or serve a church as its pastor. 
n	(archaic) Vocation; employment; calling. 
n	(US, law) A reference to, or statement of, an object, course, distance, or other matter of description in a survey or grant requiring or calling for a corresponding object, etc., on the land. 
n	(informal, slang, prostitution) A meeting with a client for paid sex; hookup; job. 
n	(law) A lawyer who was called to the bar (became licensed as a lawyer) in a specified year. 
n	(in negative constructions) Need; necessity. 
v	(intransitive) To request, summon, or beckon. 
v	(intransitive) To cry or shout. 
v	(transitive) To utter in a loud or distinct voice. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To contact by telephone. 
v	(transitive) To declare in advance. 
v	To rouse from sleep; to awaken. 
v	To declare (an effort or project) to be a failure. 
v	(transitive, jazz) To request that one's band play (a particular tune). 
v	To pay a (social) visit (often used with "on", "round", or "at"; used by salespeople with "again" to invite customers to come again). 
v	To stop at a station or port. 
v	To come to pass; to afflict. 
v	(ditransitive) To name or refer to. 
v	(in passive) Of a person, to have as one's name; of a thing, to have as its name. 
v	(transitive) To predict. 
v	To state, or estimate, approximately or loosely; to characterize without strict regard to fact. 
v	(transitive) To formally recognise a death: especially to announce and record the time, place and fact of a person’s death. 
v	(transitive) To claim the existence of some malfeasance; to denounce as. 
v	(obsolete) To disclose the class or character of; to identify. 
v	(cricket) (of a batsman): To shout directions to the other batsman on whether or not they should take a run. 
v	(baseball, cricket) (of a fielder): To shout to other fielders that he intends to take a catch (thus avoiding collisions). 
v	(intransitive, poker) To equal the same amount that other players are currently betting. 
v	(intransitive, poker, proscribed) To match the current bet amount, in preparation for a raise in the same turn. (Usually, players are forbidden to announce one's play this way.) 
v	(transitive) To state, or invoke a rule, in many games such as bridge, craps, jacks, and so on. 
v	(transitive, sometimes with for) To require, demand. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To lay claim to an object or role which is up for grabs. 
v	(transitive, finance) To announce the early extinction of a debt by prepayment, usually at a premium. 
v	(transitive, banking) To demand repayment of a loan. 
v	(transitive, computing) To jump to (another part of a program) to perform some operation, returning to the original point on completion. 
v	(Yorkshire) To scold. 
n	A surname. 
n	(finance) Short for call option. [(finance) An option to buy a stated quantity of an asset or financial product, such as stock, at a stated price (the strike price), on a stated future date (or range of dates); contrasted with put option.] 
n	Initialism of computer-assisted language learning. 
