n	An outdoor place acting as temporary accommodation in tents or other temporary structures. 
n	An organised event, often taking place in tents or temporary accommodation. 
n	A base of a military group, not necessarily temporary. 
n	A single hut or shelter. 
n	The company or body of persons encamped. 
n	A group of people with the same strong ideals or political leanings. 
n	(obsolete) An army. 
n	(uncommon) Campus 
n	(informal) A summer camp. 
n	(prison slang) A prison. 
n	(agriculture) A mound of earth in which potatoes and other vegetables are stored for protection against frost 
n	(obsolete) Conflict; battle. 
v	To live in a tent or similar temporary accommodation. 
v	To set up a camp. 
v	(transitive) To afford rest or lodging for. 
v	(intransitive, sports, video games) To stay in an advantageous location. 
v	(transitive, video games) To stay beside (something) to gain an advantage. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To fight; contend in battle or in any kind of contest; to strive with others in doing anything; compete. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To wrangle; argue. 
n	An affected, exaggerated or intentionally tasteless style. 
adj	Theatrical; making exaggerated gestures. 
adj	(of a man) Ostentatiously effeminate. 
adj	Intentionally tasteless or vulgar, self-parodying. 
n	(slang, Falkland Islands) The areas of the Falkland Islands situated outside the capital and largest settlement, Stanley. 
n	An electoral constituency of the legislative assembly of the Falkland Islands that composes of all territory more than 3.5 miles from the spire of the Christ Church Cathedral in Stanley. 
n	A diminutive of the male given name Campbell. 
n	A surname. 
n	A village on the Dingle Peninsula, County Kerry, Ireland. 
n	An unincorporated community in Pike County, Ohio, United States. 
v	(transitive, video games) Short for corpse camp. [(online gaming) To wait by a player's corpse to target them when they respawn, or when, after respawning elsewhere, they return to reclaim their equipment back from their corpse.] 
n	(medicine) Initialism of cyclic AMP. 
n	Acronym of Central Atlantic magmatic province. 
