v	(auxiliary verb, defective) To know how to; to be able to. 
v	(modal auxiliary verb, defective, informal) May; to be permitted or enabled to. 
v	(modal auxiliary verb, defective) To have the potential to; be possible. 
v	(auxiliary verb, defective) Used with verbs of perception. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To know. 
n	A more or less cylindrical vessel for liquids, usually of steel or aluminium, but sometimes of plastic, and with a carrying handle over the top. 
n	A container used to carry and dispense water for plants (a watering can). 
n	A tin-plate canister, often cylindrical, for preserved foods such as fruit, meat, or fish. 
n	(archaic) A chamber pot, now (US, slang) a toilet or lavatory. 
n	(US, slang) Buttocks. 
n	(slang) Jail or prison. 
n	(slang, in the plural) Headphones. 
n	(archaic) A drinking cup. 
n	(nautical) A cube-shaped buoy or marker used to denote a port-side lateral mark 
n	A chimney pot. 
n	(slang, in the plural) An E-meter used in Scientology auditing. 
n	(US, slang) An ounce (or sometimes, two ounces) of marijuana. 
n	A protective cover for the fuel element in a nuclear reactor. 
v	To seal in a can. 
v	To preserve by heating and sealing in a jar or can. 
v	To discard, scrap or terminate (an idea, project, etc.). 
v	(transitive, slang) To shut up. 
v	(US, euphemistic) To fire or dismiss an employee. 
v	(golf, slang, transitive) To hole the ball. 
v	(transitive) To cover (the fuel element in a nuclear reactor) with a protective cover. 
n	(inorganic chemistry, uncountable) ceric ammonium nitrate 
n	(initialism) The Andean Community of Nations. 
n	Alternative spelling of Can. 
n	(computing, manufacturing, automotive) Abbreviation of Controller Area Network., ISO standards 11898, 11898-1, 11898-2, and its predecessor standards. 
n	(computing, manufacturing, automotive, countable) Abbreviation of controller area network. 
n	(computing, countable) Initialism of campus area network. 
n	(South Africa, countable) Acronym of community action network. 
n	Initialism of consistent and asymptotically normal, a statistic estimator Tₙ(X₁, X₂, ..., Xₙ) is CAN (consistent and asymptotically normal) if .... 
n	(Australia, countable) Acronym of court attendance notice. 
