n	A playing card. 
n	(in the plural) Any game using playing cards; a card game. 
n	A resource or argument, used to achieve a purpose. 
n	Any flat, normally rectangular piece of stiff paper, plastic, etc. 
n	(obsolete) A map or chart. 
n	(informal) An amusing or entertaining person, often slightly eccentric. 
n	A list of scheduled events or of performers or contestants; chiefly used in professional wrestling. 
n	(cricket) A tabular presentation of the key statistics of an innings or match: batsmen’s scores and how they were dismissed, extras, total score and bowling figures. 
n	(computing) A removable electronic device that may be inserted into a powered electronic device to provide additional capability. 
n	A greeting card. 
n	A business card. 
n	(television) A title card or intertitle: a piece of filmed, printed text edited into the midst of the photographed action at various points, generally to convey character dialogue or descriptive narrative material related to the plot. 
n	A test card. 
n	(dated) A published note, containing a brief statement, explanation, request, expression of thanks, etc. 
n	(dated) A printed programme. 
n	(dated, figuratively, by extension) An attraction or inducement. 
n	A paper on which the points of the compass are marked; the dial or face of the mariner's compass. 
n	(weaving) A perforated pasteboard or sheet-metal plate for warp threads, making part of the Jacquard apparatus of a loom. 
n	An indicator card. 
v	(US) To check IDs, especially against a minimum age requirement. 
v	(dated) To play cards. 
v	(golf) To make (a stated score), as recorded on a scoring card. 
n	(uncountable, dated) Material with embedded short wire bristles. 
n	(dated, textiles) A comb- or brush-like device or tool to raise the nap on a fabric. 
n	(textiles) A hand-held tool formed similarly to a hairbrush but with bristles of wire or other rigid material. It is used principally with raw cotton, wool, hair, or other natural fibers to prepare these materials for spinning into yarn or thread on a spinning wheel, with a whorl or other hand-held spindle. The card serves to untangle, clean, remove debris from, and lay the fibers straight. 
n	(dated, textiles) A machine for disentangling the fibres of wool prior to spinning. 
n	A roll or sliver of fibre (as of wool) delivered from a carding machine. 
v	(textiles) To use a carding device to disentangle the fibres of wool prior to spinning. 
v	To scrape or tear someone’s flesh using a metal comb, as a form of torture. 
v	(transitive) To comb with a card; to cleanse or disentangle by carding. 
v	(obsolete, transitive, figuratively) To clean or clear, as if by using a card. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To mix or mingle, as with an inferior or weaker article. 
n	A surname originating as an occupation for a carder of wool. 
n	Abbreviation of cardinal (“songbird”). [(Roman Catholicism) One of the officials appointed by the pope in the Roman Catholic Church, ranking only below the pope and the patriarchs, constituting the special college which elects the pope. (See Wikipedia article on Catholic cardinals.)] 
n	Obsolete form of chard. [(uncountable, cooking) An edible leafy vegetable, Beta vulgaris subsp. cicla, with a slightly bitter taste.] 
