v	(transitive) To lift (something) and take it to another place; to transport (something) by lifting. 
v	(transitive) To notionally transfer from one place (such as a country, book, or column) to another. 
v	(transitive) To convey by extension or continuance; to extend. 
v	(transitive, chiefly archaic) To move; to convey using force 
v	(transitive) To lead or guide. 
v	(transitive) To stock or supply (something); to have in store. 
v	(transitive) To adopt (something); take (something) over. 
v	(transitive) To adopt or resolve on, especially in a deliberative assembly 
v	(transitive, arithmetic) In an addition, to transfer the quantity in excess of what is countable in the units in a column to the column immediately to the left in order to be added there. 
v	(transitive) To have, hold, possess or maintain (something). 
v	(intransitive) To be transmitted; to travel. 
v	(slang, transitive) To insult, to diss. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To capture a ship by coming alongside and boarding. 
v	(transitive, sports) To transport (the ball) whilst maintaining possession. 
v	(transitive) To have on one's person. 
v	To be pregnant (with). 
v	To have propulsive power; to propel. 
v	To hold the head; said of a horse. 
v	(hunting) To have earth or frost stick to the feet when running, as a hare. 
v	To bear or uphold successfully through conflict, for example a leader or principle 
v	to succeed in (e.g. a contest); to succeed in; to win. 
v	(obsolete) To get possession of by force; to capture. 
v	To contain; to comprise; have a particular aspect; to show or exhibit 
v	(reflexive) To bear (oneself); to behave or conduct. 
v	To bear the charges or burden of holding or having, as stocks, merchandise, etc., from one time to another. 
v	(intransitive) To have a weapon on one's person; to be armed. 
v	(gaming) To be disproportionately responsible for a team's success. 
v	(Southern US) to physically transport (in the general sense, not necessarily by lifting) 
n	A manner of transporting or lifting something; the grip or position in which something is carried. 
n	A tract of land over which boats or goods are carried between two bodies of navigable water; a portage. 
n	(computing) The bit or digit that is carried in an addition operation. 
n	(finance) The benefit or cost of owning an asset over time. 
n	(golf) The distance travelled by the ball when struck, until it hits the ground. 
n	(finance) Carried interest. 
n	(UK, dialect) The sky; cloud-drift. 
n	A surname. 
