v	(now somewhat literary) To throw. 
v	To throw forward (a fishing line, net etc.) into the sea. 
v	To throw down or aside. 
v	(of an animal) To throw off (the skin) as a process of growth; to shed the hair or fur of the coat. 
v	To cause (a horse or other large animal) to lie down with its legs underneath it. 
v	(obsolete except in set phrases) To remove, take off (clothes). 
v	(nautical) To heave the lead and line in order to ascertain the depth of water. 
v	(obsolete) To vomit. 
v	(archaic) To throw up, as a mound, or rampart. 
v	(archaic) To throw out or emit; to exhale. 
v	To direct (one's eyes, gaze etc.). 
v	(dated) To add up (a column of figures, accounts etc.); cross-cast refers to adding up a row of figures. 
v	(astrology) To calculate the astrological value of (a horoscope, birth etc.). 
v	(obsolete) To plan, intend. 
v	(transitive) To assign (a role in a play or performance). 
v	(transitive) To assign a role in a play or performance to (an actor). 
v	To consider; to turn or revolve in the mind; to plan. 
v	(archaic) To impose; to bestow; to rest. 
v	(archaic) To defeat in a lawsuit; to decide against; to convict. 
v	To turn (the balance or scale); to overbalance; hence, to make preponderate; to decide. 
v	To perform, bring forth (a magical spell or enchantment). 
v	To throw (light etc.) on or upon something, or in a given direction. 
v	(archaic) To give birth to (a child) prematurely; to miscarry. 
v	To shape (molten metal etc.) by pouring into a mould; to make (an object) in such a way. 
v	(printing, dated) To stereotype or electrotype. 
v	To twist or warp (of fabric, timber etc.). 
v	(nautical) To bring the bows of a sailing ship on to the required tack just as the anchor is weighed by use of the headsail; to bring (a ship) round. 
v	To deposit (a ballot or voting paper); to formally register (one's vote). 
v	(computing) To change a variable type from, for example, integer to real, or integer to text. 
v	(hunting) Of dogs, hunters: to spread out and search for a scent. 
v	(medicine) To set (a bone etc.) in a cast. 
v	(Wicca) To open a circle in order to begin a spell or meeting of witches. 
v	(media) To broadcast (video) over the Internet or a local network, especially to one's television. 
n	An act of throwing. 
n	(fishing) An instance of throwing out a fishing line. 
n	Something which has been thrown, dispersed etc. 
n	A small mass of earth "thrown off" or excreted by a worm. 
n	The collective group of actors performing a play or production together. Contrasted with crew. 
n	The casting procedure. 
n	An object made in a mould. 
n	A supportive and immobilising device used to help mend broken bones. 
n	The mould used to make cast objects. 
n	(hawking) The number of hawks (or occasionally other birds) cast off at one time; a pair. 
n	A squint. 
n	Visual appearance. 
n	The form of one's thoughts, mind etc. 
n	An animal, especially a horse, that is unable to rise without assistance. 
n	Animal and insect remains which have been regurgitated by a bird. 
n	A group of crabs. 
n	A broadcast. 
n	A surname. 
