n	(countable) The act of seizing or capturing. 
n	(countable) The act of catching an object in motion, especially a ball. 
n	(countable) The act of noticing, understanding or hearing. 
n	(uncountable) The game of catching a ball. 
n	(countable) Something which is captured or caught. 
n	(countable, colloquial, by extension) A find, in particular a boyfriend or girlfriend or prospective spouse. 
n	(countable) A stopping mechanism, especially a clasp which stops something from opening. 
n	(countable) A hesitation in voice, caused by strong emotion. 
n	(countable, sometimes noun adjunct) A concealed difficulty, especially in a deal or negotiation. 
n	(countable) A crick; a sudden muscle pain during unaccustomed positioning when the muscle is in use. 
n	(countable) A fragment of music or poetry. 
n	(obsolete) A state of readiness to capture or seize; an ambush. 
n	(countable, agriculture) A crop which has germinated and begun to grow. 
n	(obsolete) A type of strong boat, usually having two masts; a ketch. 
n	(countable, music) A type of humorous round in which the voices gradually catch up with one another; usually sung by men and often having bawdy lyrics. 
n	(countable, music) The refrain; a line or lines of a song which are repeated from verse to verse. 
n	(countable, cricket, baseball) The act of catching a hit ball before it reaches the ground, resulting in an out. 
n	(countable, cricket) A player in respect of his catching ability; particularly one who catches well. 
n	(countable, rowing) The first contact of an oar with the water. 
n	(countable, phonetics) A stoppage of breath, resembling a slight cough. 
n	Passing opportunities seized; snatches. 
n	A slight remembrance; a trace. 
v	(transitive) To capture or snare (someone or something which would rather escape). 
v	(transitive) To entrap or trip up a person; to deceive. 
v	(transitive, figuratively, dated) To marry or enter into a similar relationship with. 
v	(transitive) To reach (someone) with a strike, blow, weapon etc. 
v	(transitive) To overtake or catch up to; to be in time for. 
v	(transitive) To unpleasantly discover unexpectedly; to unpleasantly surprise (someone doing something). 
v	(transitive) To travel by means of. 
v	(transitive, rare) To become pregnant. (Only in past tense or as participle.) 
v	(transitive, dated) To grab, seize, take hold of. 
v	(transitive) To take or replenish something necessary, such as breath or sleep. 
v	(transitive) To grip or entangle. 
v	(intransitive) To be held back or impeded. 
v	(intransitive) To engage with some mechanism; to stick, to succeed in interacting with something or initiating some process. 
v	(transitive) To have something be held back or impeded. 
v	(intransitive) To make a grasping or snatching motion (at). 
v	(transitive) Of fire, to spread or be conveyed to. 
v	(transitive, rowing) To grip (the water) with one's oars at the beginning of the stroke. 
v	(intransitive, agriculture) To germinate and set down roots. 
v	(transitive, surfing) To contact a wave in such a way that one can ride it back to shore. 
v	(transitive, computing) To handle an exception. 
v	(transitive) To seize or intercept an object moving through the air (or, sometimes, some other medium). 
v	(transitive, now rare) To seize (an opportunity) when it occurs. 
v	(transitive, cricket) To end a player's innings by catching a hit ball before the first bounce. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, baseball) To play (a specific period of time) as the catcher. 
v	(transitive) To be the victim of (something unpleasant, painful etc.). 
v	(transitive) To be touched or affected by (something) through exposure. 
v	(transitive) To become infected by (an illness). 
v	(intransitive) To spread by infection or similar means. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To receive or be affected by (wind, water, fire etc.). 
v	(transitive) To acquire, as though by infection; to take on through sympathy or infection. 
v	(transitive) To be hit by something. 
v	(intransitive) To serve well or poorly for catching, especially for catching fish. 
v	(intransitive) To get pregnant. 
v	(transitive) To grasp mentally: perceive and understand. 
v	(transitive, informal) To take in; to watch or listen to (an entertainment). 
v	(transitive) To reproduce or echo a spirit or idea faithfully. 
v	(transitive) To charm or entrance. 
v	(transitive) To attract and hold (a faculty or organ of sense). 
