n	An antagonization or instigation intended to convince a person to perform an action they otherwise would not. 
n	A bid to overcome something. 
n	(sports) An attempt to take possession; a tackle. 
n	A summons to fight a duel; also, the letter or message conveying the summons. 
n	The act of a sentry in halting a person and demanding the countersign, or (by extension) the action of a computer system demanding a password, etc. 
n	An attempt to have a work of literature restricted or removed from a public library or school curriculum. 
n	A difficult task, especially one that the person making the attempt finds more enjoyable because of that difficulty. 
n	(law, rare) A judge's interest in the result of a case, constituting grounds for them to not be allowed to sit the case (e.g., a conflict of interest). 
n	The act of appealing a ruling or decision of a court of administrative agency. 
n	The act of seeking to remove a judge, arbitrator, or other judicial or semi-judicial figure for reasons of alleged bias or incapacity. 
n	(US) An act of seeking to have a certain person be declared not legally qualified to vote, made when the person offers their ballot. 
n	(hunting) The opening and crying of hounds upon first finding the scent of their game. 
v	(transitive) To invite (someone) to take part in a competition. 
v	(transitive) To dare (someone). 
v	(transitive) To dispute (something). 
v	To call something into question or dispute. 
v	(law, transitive) To make a formal objection to a juror. 
v	(transitive) To be difficult or challenging for. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To claim as due; to demand as a right. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To censure; to blame. 
v	(military, transitive) To question or demand the countersign from (one who attempts to pass the lines). 
v	(US, transitive) To object to the reception of the vote of, e.g. on the ground that the person is not qualified as a voter. 
v	(Canada, US, transitive) To take (a final exam) in order to get credit for a course without taking it. 
