n	The physical confine of a river or slough, consisting of a bed and banks. 
n	The natural or man-made deeper course through a reef, bar, bay, or any shallow body of water. 
n	The navigable part of a river. 
n	A narrow body of water between two land masses. 
n	Something through which another thing passes; a means of conveying or transmitting. 
n	A gutter; a groove, as in a fluted column. 
n	(construction, mechanical engineering) A structural member with a cross section shaped like a squared-off letter C. 
n	(electronics) A connection between initiating and terminating nodes of a circuit. 
n	(electronics) The narrow conducting portion of a MOSFET transistor. 
n	(communication) The part that connects a data source to a data sink. 
n	(communication) A path for conveying electrical or electromagnetic signals, usually distinguished from other parallel paths. 
n	(communication) A single path provided by a transmission medium via physical separation, such as by multipair cable. 
n	(communication) A single path provided by a transmission medium via spectral or protocol separation, such as by frequency or time-division multiplexing. 
n	(broadcasting) A specific radio frequency or band of frequencies, usually in conjunction with a predetermined letter, number, or codeword, and allocated by international agreement. 
n	(broadcasting) A specific radio frequency or band of frequencies used for transmitting television. 
n	(storage) The portion of a storage medium, such as a track or a band, that is accessible to a given reading or writing station or head. 
n	(technic) The way in a turbine pump where the pressure is built up. 
n	(business, marketing) A distribution channel 
n	(Internet) A particular area for conversations on an IRC network, analogous to a chat room and often dedicated to a specific topic. 
n	(Internet, historical) A means of delivering up-to-date Internet content. 
n	A psychic or medium who temporarily takes on the personality of somebody else. 
v	(transitive) To make or cut a channel or groove in. 
v	(transitive) To direct or guide along a desired course. 
v	(transitive, of a spirit, as of a dead person) To serve as a medium for. 
v	(transitive) To follow as a model, especially in a performance. 
n	(nautical) The wale of a sailing ship which projects beyond the gunwale and to which the shrouds attach via the chains. One of the flat ledges of heavy plank bolted edgewise to the outside of a vessel, to increase the spread of the shrouds and carry them clear of the bulwarks. 
n	A former village, a district of Channel-Port aux Basques, Newfoundland, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada 
n	(Europe) Ellipsis of English Channel.: A European strait separating Great Britain from France and connecting the North Sea to the Atlantic [The arm of the Atlantic Ocean that separates the British Isles from northern France, and joins the North Sea to the Atlantic Ocean.] 
