n	The act of one who chases another; a pursuit. 
n	A hunt; the act of hunting; the pursuit of game. 
n	(uncountable) A children's game where one player chases another. 
n	(Britain) A large country estate where game may be shot or hunted. 
n	Anything being chased, especially a vessel in time of war. 
n	(obsolete) A wild animal that is hunted. 
n	(nautical) Any of the guns that fire directly ahead or astern; either a bow chase or stern chase. 
n	(real tennis) The occurrence of a second bounce by the ball in certain areas of the court, giving the server the chance, later in the game, to "play off" the chase from the receiving end and possibly win the point. 
n	(real tennis) A division of the floor of a gallery, marked by a figure or otherwise; the spot where a ball falls, and between which and the dedans the adversary must drive the ball in order to gain a point. 
n	(cycling) One or more riders who are ahead of the peloton and trying to join the race or stage leaders. 
n	(music) A series of brief improvised jazz solos by a number of musicians taking turns. 
v	(transitive) To follow at speed. 
v	(transitive) To hunt. 
v	(transitive) To seek to attain. 
v	(transitive) To seek the company of (a member of the opposite sex) in an obvious way. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To pursue a vessel in order to destroy, capture or interrogate her. 
v	(transitive) To consume another beverage immediately after drinking hard liquor, typically something better tasting or less harsh such as soda or beer; to use a drink as a chaser. 
v	(transitive, cricket) To attempt to win by scoring the required number of runs in the final innings. 
v	(transitive, baseball) To swing at a pitch outside of the strike zone, typically an outside pitch. 
v	(transitive, baseball) To produce enough offense to cause the pitcher to be removed. 
n	(printing) A rectangular steel or iron frame into which pages or columns of type are locked for printing or plate-making. 
n	A groove cut in an object; a slot: the chase for the quarrel on a crossbow. 
n	(architecture) A trench or channel or other encasement structure for encasing (archaically spelled enchasing) drainpipes or wiring; a hollow space in the wall of a building encasing ventilation ducts, chimney flues, wires, cables or plumbing. 
n	The part of a gun in front of the trunnions. 
n	The cavity of a mold. 
n	(shipbuilding) A kind of joint by which an overlap joint is changed to a flush joint by means of a gradually deepening rabbet, as at the ends of clinker-built boats. 
v	(transitive) To groove; indent. 
v	(transitive) To place piping or wiring in a groove encased within a wall or floor, or in a hidden space encased by a wall. 
v	(transitive) To cut (the thread of a screw). 
v	(transitive) To decorate (metal) by engraving or embossing. 
n	A surname transferred from the nickname from a Middle English nickname for a hunter. 
n	A male given name transferred from the surname, of modern usage. 
n	An unincorporated community in Madison County, Alabama. 
n	A census-designated place in Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska. 
n	A village and river in British Columbia, Canada. 
n	An unincorporated community in Grant Township, Benton County, Indiana, United States. 
n	A city in Rice County, Kansas. 
n	An unincorporated community in Franklin Parish, Louisiana. 
n	An unincorporated community in Baltimore County, Maryland. 
n	A census-designated place in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania. 
n	A town and unincorporated community in Oconto County, Wisconsin. 
