n	(chess) A situation in which the king is directly threatened by an opposing piece. [from 14th c.] 
n	An inspection or examination. 
n	A control; a limit or stop. 
n	(US) A mark (especially a checkmark: ✓) used as an indicator. 
n	(US) An order to a bank to pay money to a named person or entity. 
n	(US) A bill, particularly in a restaurant. 
n	(contact sports) A maneuver performed by a player to take another player out of the play. 
n	A token used instead of cash in gaming machines, or in gambling generally. 
n	A lengthwise separation through the growth rings in wood. 
n	A mark, certificate, or token by which errors may be prevented, or a thing or person may be identified. 
n	(falconry) The forsaking by a hawk of its proper game to follow other birds. [from 15th c.] 
n	A small chink or crack. 
v	To inspect; to examine. 
v	To verify the accuracy of a text or translation, usually making some corrections (proofread) or many (copyedit). 
v	(US, often used with "off") To mark items on a list (with a checkmark or by crossing them out) that have been chosen for keeping or removal or that have been dealt with (for example, completed or verified as correct or satisfactory). 
v	To control, limit, or halt. 
v	To verify or compare with a source of information. 
v	To leave in safekeeping. 
v	To leave with a shipping agent for shipping. 
v	(street basketball) To pass or bounce the ball to an opponent from behind the three-point line and have the opponent pass or bounce it back to start play. 
v	(sports) To disrupt another player with the stick or body to obtain possession of the ball or puck. 
v	(poker) To announce that one is remaining in a hand without betting. 
v	(chess) To make a move which puts an adversary's king in check; to put in check. 
v	To chide, rebuke, or reprove. 
v	(nautical) To slack or ease off, as a brace which is too stiffly extended. 
v	To crack or gape open, as wood in drying; or to crack in small checks, as varnish, paint, etc. 
v	To make checks or chinks in; to cause to crack. 
v	To make a stop; to pause; with at. 
v	(obsolete) To clash or interfere. 
v	To act as a curb or restraint. 
v	(falconry) To turn, when in pursuit of proper game, and fly after other birds. 
n	(textiles, usually pluralized) A pattern made up of a grid of squares of alternating colors; a checkered pattern. 
n	Any fabric woven with such a pattern. 
v	(transitive) To mark with a check pattern. 
adj	(heraldry) Divided into small squares (chequers) by transverse vertical and horizontal lines. 
n	A surname. 
