n	(uncountable) A dairy product made from curdled or cultured milk. 
n	(countable) Any particular variety of cheese. 
n	(countable) A piece of cheese, especially one moulded into a large round shape during manufacture. 
n	(uncountable, UK) A thick variety of jam (fruit preserve), as distinguished from a thinner variety (sometimes called jelly) 
n	A substance resembling cream cheese, such as lemon cheese 
n	(uncountable, colloquial) That which is melodramatic, overly emotional, or cliché, i.e. cheesy. 
n	(uncountable, slang) Money. 
n	(countable, UK) In skittles, the roughly ovoid object that is thrown to knock down the skittles. 
n	(uncountable, slang, baseball) A fastball. 
n	(uncountable, slang) A dangerous mixture of black tar heroin and crushed Tylenol PM tablets. The resulting powder resembles grated cheese and is snorted. 
n	(vulgar, slang) Smegma. 
n	(technology) Holed pattern of circuitry to decrease pattern density. 
n	A mass of pomace, or ground apples, pressed together in the shape of a cheese. 
n	The flat, circular, mucilaginous fruit of the dwarf mallow (Malva rotundifolia) or marshmallow (Althaea officinalis). 
n	A low curtsey; so called on account of the cheese shape assumed by a woman's dress when she stoops after extending the skirts by a rapid gyration. 
v	To prepare curds for making cheese. 
v	(technology) To make holes in a pattern of circuitry to decrease pattern density. 
v	(slang) To smile excessively, as for a camera. 
n	(slang) Wealth, fame, excellence, importance. 
n	(slang, dated, British India) The correct thing, of excellent quality; the ticket. 
v	(slang) To stop; to refrain from. 
v	(slang) To anger or irritate someone, usually in combination with "off". 
v	(Internet slang, gaming, transitive, intransitive) To use a controversial or unsporting tactic to gain an advantage (especially in a game.) 
v	(video games, slang) To use an unconventional, all-in strategy to take one's opponent by surprise early in the game (especially for real-time strategy games). 
n	A surname. 
