n	A small piece broken from a larger piece of solid material. 
n	A damaged area of a surface where a small piece has been broken off. 
n	(games, gambling) A token used in place of cash. 
n	(slang, dated) A sovereign (the coin). 
n	(electronics) A circuit fabricated in one piece on a small, thin substrate. 
n	(electronics) A hybrid device mounted in a substrate, containing electronic circuitry and miniaturised mechanical, chemical and/or biochemical devices. 
n	(UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, especially in the plural) A fried strip of potato of square or rectangular cross-section; a french fry. 
n	(US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, especially in the plural) A thin, crisp, fried slice of potato, or sometimes another vegetable; a crisp. 
n	(sports) A shot during which the ball travels more predominantly upwards than in a regular shot, as to clear an obstacle. 
n	(curling) A takeout that hits a rock at an angle. 
n	A dried piece of dung, often used as fuel. 
n	(New Zealand, northern) A receptacle, usually for strawberries or other fruit. 
n	(cooking) A small, near-conical piece of food added in baking. 
n	A small rectangle of colour printed on coated paper for colour selection and matching. A virtual equivalent in software applications. 
n	(nautical) The triangular piece of wood attached to the log line. 
n	(historical) Wood or Cuban palm leaf split into slips, or straw plaited in a special manner, for making hats or bonnets. 
n	(archaic, derogatory) Anything dried up, withered, or without flavour. 
n	(golf) A low shot that travels further along the ground than it does in the air. 
v	(transitive) To chop or cut into small pieces. 
v	(transitive) To break small pieces from. 
v	(transitive, sports) To play a shot hitting the ball predominantly upwards rather than forwards. In association football specifically, when the shot is a shot on goal, the opposing goalkeeper may be the direct object of the verb, rather than the ball. 
v	(transitive, automotive) to upgrade an engine management system, usually to increase power. 
v	(intransitive) To become chipped. 
v	(intransitive, card games, often with "in") To ante (up). 
v	(transitive, informal) To fit (an animal) with a microchip. 
v	(UK, transitive, often with "in") to contribute. 
v	(also, to chip at) To make fun of. 
n	A diminutive of the male given names Christopher and Charles. 
n	An officer of the California Highway Patrol 
n	Acronym of children's health insurance program. 
n	(medicine) Acronym of clonal hematopoiesis of indeterminate potential. 
n	Abbreviation of chromatin immunoprecipitation. 
n	Acronym of California Highway Patrol. 
