n	(geometry) A two-dimensional geometric figure, a line, consisting of the set of all those points in a plane that are equally distant from a given point (center). 
n	A two-dimensional geometric figure, a disk, consisting of the set of all those points of a plane at a distance less than or equal to a fixed distance (radius) from a given point. 
n	Any thin three-dimensional equivalent of the geometric figures. 
n	A curve that more or less forms part or all of a circle. 
n	A specific group of persons; especially one who shares a common interest. 
n	The orbit of an astronomical body. 
n	(cricket) A line comprising two semicircles of 30 yards radius centred on the wickets joined by straight lines parallel to the pitch used to enforce field restrictions in a one-day match. 
n	(Wicca) A ritual circle that is cast three times deosil and closes three times widdershins either in the air with a wand or literally with stones or other items used for worship. 
n	(South Africa, Philippines, India) A traffic circle or roundabout. 
n	(obsolete) Compass; circuit; enclosure. 
n	(astronomy) An instrument of observation, whose graduated limb consists of an entire circle. When fixed to a wall in an observatory, it is called a mural circle; when mounted with a telescope on an axis and in Y's, in the plane of the meridian, a meridian or transit circle; when involving the principle of reflection, like the sextant, a reflecting circle; and when that of repeating an angle several times continuously along the graduated limb, a repeating circle. 
n	A series ending where it begins, and repeating itself. 
n	(logic) A form of argument in which two or more unproved statements are used to prove each other; inconclusive reasoning. 
n	A territorial division or district. 
n	(in the plural) A bagginess of the skin below the eyes from lack of sleep. 
v	(transitive) To travel around along a curved path. 
v	(transitive) To surround. 
v	(transitive) To place or mark a circle around. 
v	(intransitive) To travel in circles. 
n	A census-designated place in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska, United States. Erroneously thought to be on the Arctic Circle, which is 50 miles further north. 
n	A town, the county seat of McCone County, Montana, United States. Named after a cattle brand in the form of a circle. 
n	the Circle line of the London Underground, originally the Inner Circle. 
n	A surname from German. 
