adj	Transparent in colour. 
adj	Bright; luminous; not dark or obscured. 
adj	Free of obstacles. 
adj	Without clouds. 
adj	(meteorology) Of the sky, such that less than one eighth of its area is obscured by clouds. 
adj	Free of ambiguity or doubt. 
adj	Distinct, sharp, well-marked. 
adj	(figuratively) Free of guilt, or suspicion. 
adj	(of a soup) Without a thickening ingredient. 
adj	Possessing little or no perceptible stimulus. 
adj	(Scientology) Free from the influence of engrams; see Clear (Scientology). 
adj	Able to perceive clearly; keen; acute; penetrating; discriminating. 
adj	Not clouded with passion; serene; cheerful. 
adj	Easily or distinctly heard; audible. 
adj	Unmixed; entirely pure. 
adj	Without defects or blemishes, such as freckles or knots. 
adj	Without diminution; in full; net. 
adj	(of a railway signal) Showing a green aspect, allowing a train to proceed past it. 
adv	All the way; entirely. 
adv	Not near something or touching it. 
adv	Free (or separate) from others. 
adv	In a clear manner; plainly. 
v	(transitive) To remove obstructions, impediments or other unwanted items from. 
v	(transitive) To remove (items or material) so as to leave something unobstructed or open. 
v	(intransitive) To leave abruptly; to clear off or clear out. 
v	(intransitive) To become free from obstruction or obscurement; to become transparent. 
v	(transitive) To eliminate ambiguity or doubt from (a matter); to clarify or resolve; to clear up. 
v	(transitive) To remove from suspicion, especially of having committed a crime. 
v	(transitive) To pass without interference; to miss. 
v	(transitive, activities such as jumping or throwing) To exceed a stated mark. 
v	(transitive, video games) To finish or complete (a stage, challenge, or game). 
v	(intransitive) Of a check or financial transaction, to go through as payment; to be processed so that the money is transferred. 
v	(transitive, business) To earn a profit of; to net. 
v	(transitive) To approve or authorise for a particular purpose or action; to give clearance to. 
v	(transitive) To obtain approval or authorisation in respect of. 
v	(intransitive) To obtain a clearance. 
v	(transitive) To obtain permission to use (a sample of copyrighted audio) in another track. 
v	To disengage oneself from incumbrances, distress, or entanglements; to become free. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, sports) To hit, kick, head, punch etc. (a ball, puck) away in order to defend one's goal. 
v	(transitive, computing) To reset or unset; to return to an empty state or to zero. 
v	(transitive, computing) To style (an element within a document) so that it is not permitted to float at a given position. 
n	(carpentry) Full extent; distance between extreme limits; especially; the distance between the nearest surfaces of two bodies, or the space between walls. 
n	(video games) The completion of a stage or challenge, or of the whole game. 
n	(Scientology) A person who is free from the influence of engrams. 
n	(Scientology) An idea state of beingness free of unwanted influences. 
