v	To obstruct (an opening). 
v	To move so that an opening is closed. 
v	To make (e.g. a gap) smaller. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, engineering, gas and liquid flow, of valve or damper) To move to a position preventing fluid from flowing. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, electricity, of a switch, fuse or circuit breaker) To move to a position allowing electricity to flow. 
v	To grapple; to engage in close combat. 
v	To put an end to; to conclude; to complete; to finish; to consummate. 
v	To come to an end. 
v	(marketing) To make a sale. 
v	(baseball, pitching) To make the final outs, usually three, of a game. 
v	(figuratively, computing) To terminate an application, window, file or database connection, etc. 
v	(transitive, finance) To cancel or reverse (a trading position). 
v	To come or gather around; to enclose; to encompass; to confine. 
v	(surveying) To have a vector sum of 0; that is, to form a closed polygon. 
v	(intransitive) To do the tasks (putting things away, locking doors, etc.) required to prepare a store or other establishment to shut down for the night. 
v	(Philippines) To turn off; to switch off. 
n	An end or conclusion. 
n	The manner of shutting; the union of parts; junction. 
n	(sales) The point at the end of a sales pitch when the consumer is asked to buy. 
n	A grapple in wrestling. 
n	(music) The conclusion of a strain of music; cadence. 
n	(music) A double bar marking the end. 
n	(aviation, travel) The time when checkin staff will no longer accept passengers for a flight. 
adj	(now rare) Closed, shut. 
adj	Narrow; confined. 
adj	At a little distance; near. 
adj	Intimate; well-loved. 
adj	(law) Of a corporation or other business entity, closely held. 
adj	Oppressive; without motion or ventilation; causing a feeling of lassitude. 
adj	(Ireland, UK, weather) Hot, humid, with no wind. 
adj	(linguistics, phonetics, of a vowel) Articulated with the tongue body relatively close to the hard palate. 
adj	Strictly confined; carefully guarded. 
adj	(obsolete) Out of the way of observation; secluded; secret; hidden. 
adj	Nearly equal; almost evenly balanced. 
adj	Short. 
adj	(archaic) Dense; solid; compact. 
adj	(archaic) Concise; to the point. 
adj	(dated) Difficult to obtain. 
adj	(dated) Parsimonious; stingy. 
adj	Adhering strictly to a standard or original; exact. 
adj	Accurate; careful; precise; also, attentive; undeviating; strict. 
adj	Marked, evident. 
n	(now rare, chiefly Yorkshire) An enclosed field. 
n	(chiefly British) A street that ends in a dead end. 
n	(Scotland) A very narrow alley between two buildings, often overhung by one of the buildings above the ground floor. 
n	(Scotland) The common staircase in a tenement. 
n	A cathedral close. 
n	(law) The interest which one may have in a piece of ground, even though it is not enclosed 
n	A surname. 
