n	The space in the angle between converging lines or walls which meet in a point. 
n	The projection into space of an angle in a solid object. 
n	An intersection of two streets; any of the four outer points off the street at that intersection. 
n	(attributive) Denoting a premises that is in a convenient local location, notionally, but not necessarily literally, on the corner of two streets. 
n	An edge or extremity; the part farthest from the center; hence, any quarter or part, or the direction in which it lies. 
n	A secret or secluded place; a remote or out of the way place; a nook. 
n	An embarrassing situation; a difficulty. 
n	(business, finance) A sufficient interest in a salable security or commodity to allow the cornering party to influence prices. 
n	(baseball) One of the four vertices of the strike zone. 
n	(baseball) First base or third base. 
n	(soccer) A corner kick. 
n	(American football) A cornerback. 
n	(boxing) The corner of the ring, which is where the boxer rests before and during a fight. 
n	(boxing, by extension) The group of people who assist a boxer during a bout. 
n	A place where people meet for a particular purpose. 
n	(obsolete) A point scored in a rubber at whist. 
v	(transitive) To drive (someone or something) into a corner or other confined space. 
v	(transitive) To trap in a position of great difficulty or hopeless embarrassment. 
v	(transitive) To put (someone) in an awkward situation. 
v	(finance, business, transitive) To get sufficient command of (a stock, commodity, etc.), so as to be able to manipulate its price. 
v	(automotive, transitive) To turn a corner or drive around a curve. 
v	(automotive, intransitive) To handle while moving around a corner in a road or otherwise turning. 
v	(transitive) To supply with corners. 
n	A surname. 
n	An unincorporated community in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States, at the "corner" of three counties. 
n	A township in Custer County, Nebraska, United States; it is in the north-east corner of the county. 
