n	One who counts. 
n	A reckoner; someone who collects data by counting; an enumerator. 
n	An object (now especially a small disc) used in counting or keeping count, or as a marker in games, etc. 
n	A telltale; a contrivance attached to an engine, printing press, or other machine, for the purpose of counting the revolutions or the pulsations. 
n	(programming) A variable, memory location, etc. whose contents are incremented to keep a count. 
n	(Internet) A hit counter. 
n	A table or board on which money is counted and over which business is transacted 
n	A shop tabletop on which goods are examined, weighed or measured. 
n	In a kitchen, a surface, often built into the wall and above a cabinet, designed to be used for food preparation. 
n	In a bathroom, a surface, often built into the wall and above a cabinet, which holds the washbasin. 
n	(curling) Any stone lying closer to the center than any of the opponent's stones. 
n	(historical) The prison attached to a city court; a compter. 
n	(grammar) A class of word used along with numbers to count objects and events, typically mass nouns. Although rare and optional in English (e.g. "20 head of cattle"), they are numerous and required in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. 
adv	Contrary, in opposition; in an opposite direction. 
adv	In the wrong way; contrary to the right course. 
n	Something opposite or contrary to something else. 
n	(martial arts) A proactive defensive hold or move in reaction to a hold or move by one's opponent. 
n	(nautical) The overhanging stern of a vessel above the waterline, below and somewhat forward of the stern proper. 
n	The piece of a shoe or a boot around the heel of the foot (above the heel of the shoe/boot). 
n	The breast of a horse; that part of a horse between the shoulders and under the neck. 
n	(typography) The enclosed or partly closed negative space of a glyph. 
n	(obsolete) An encounter. 
v	To contradict, oppose. 
v	(boxing) To return a blow while receiving one, as in boxing. 
v	To take action in response to; to respond. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To encounter. 
adj	Contrary or opposing 
n	A surname. 
n	(music) Alternative form of contra Formerly used to designate any under part which served for contrast to a principal part, but now used as equivalent to countertenor. 
