n	(Australia, US) A street with no outlet, a cul-de-sac. 
n	(Hong Kong, only used in names) A housing estate under the House Ownership Scheme. 
n	(Hong Kong, only used in names) An apartment building, or a small development of several apartment buildings. 
n	The residence of a sovereign, prince, nobleman, or other dignitary; a palace. 
n	The collective body of persons composing the retinue of a sovereign or person high in authority; all the surroundings of a sovereign in his regal state. 
n	Any formal assembling of the retinue of a sovereign. 
n	Attention directed to a person in power; behaviour designed to gain favor; politeness of manner; civility towards someone 
n	The hall, chamber, or place, where justice is administered. 
n	The persons officially assembled under authority of law, at the appropriate time and place, for the administration of justice; an official assembly, legally met together for the transaction of judicial business; a judge or judges sitting for the hearing or trial of cases. 
n	(often capitalized) The judge or judges or other judicial officer presiding in a particular matter, particularly as distinguished from the counsel or jury, or both. 
n	The session of a judicial assembly. 
n	Any jurisdiction, civil, military, or ecclesiastical. 
n	(sports) A place arranged for playing the games of tennis, basketball, handball, badminton, volleyball, squash and some other games 
n	one of the two divisions of a tennis, badminton or volleyball court, in which the player or players of each team play 
v	(transitive) To seek to achieve or win. 
v	(transitive) To risk (a consequence, usually negative). 
v	(transitive) To try to win a commitment to marry from. 
v	(transitive) To engage in behavior leading to mating. 
v	(transitive) To attempt to attract. 
v	(transitive) To invite by attractions; to allure; to attract. 
v	(transitive) To attempt to gain alliance with. 
v	(intransitive) To engage in activities intended to win someone's affections. 
v	(intransitive) To engage in courtship behavior. 
n	A surname from Middle English for someone who worked or lived in a court. 
n	A municipality in Bern canton, Switzerland. 
