n	A lid. 
n	(uncountable) Area or situation which screens a person or thing from view. 
n	The front and back of a book, magazine, CD package, etc. 
n	The top sheet of a bed. 
n	A cloth or similar material, often fitted, placed over an item such as a car or sofa or food to protect it from dust, rain, insects, etc. when not being used. 
n	A cover charge. 
n	A setting at a restaurant table or formal dinner. 
n	(music) A new performance or rerecording of a previously recorded song; a cover version; a cover song. 
n	(cricket) A fielding position on the off side, between point and mid off, about 30° forward of square; a fielder in this position. 
n	(topology) A set (more often known as a family) of sets, whose union contains the given set. 
n	(philately) An envelope complete with stamps and postmarks etc. 
n	(military) A solid object, including terrain, that provides protection from enemy fire. 
n	(law) In commercial law, a buyer’s purchase on the open market of goods similar or identical to the goods contracted for after a seller has breached a contract of sale by failure to deliver the goods contracted for. 
n	(insurance) An insurance contract; coverage by an insurance contract. 
n	(espionage) A persona maintained by a spy or undercover operative; cover story. 
n	(dated) A swindler's confederate. 
n	The portion of a slate, tile, or shingle that is hidden by the overlap of the course above. 
n	In a steam engine, the lap of a slide valve. 
n	(construction) The distance between reinforcing steel and the exterior of concrete. 
adj	Of or pertaining to the front cover of a book or magazine. 
adj	(music) Of, pertaining to, or consisting of cover versions. 
v	(transitive) To place something over or upon, as to conceal or protect. 
v	(transitive) To be over or upon, as to conceal or protect. 
v	(transitive) To be upon all of, so as to completely conceal. 
v	(transitive) To set upon all of, so as to completely conceal. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To put on one's hat. 
v	(transitive) To invest (oneself with something); to bring upon (oneself). 
v	(of a publication) To discuss thoroughly; to provide coverage of. 
v	To deal with or include someone or something. 
v	To be enough money for. 
v	(intransitive) To act as a replacement. 
v	(transitive) To have as an assignment or responsibility. 
v	(music) To make a cover version of (a song that was originally recorded by another artist). 
v	(military, law enforcement) To protect using an aimed firearm and the threat of firing; or to protect using continuous, heaving fire at or in the direction of the enemy so as to force the enemy to remain in cover; or to threaten using an aimed firearm. 
v	To provide insurance coverage for. 
v	To copulate with (said of certain male animals such as dogs and horses). 
v	(chess, transitive) To protect or control (a piece or square). 
v	To extend over a given period of time or range, to occupy, to stretch over a given area. 
v	To traverse or put behind a certain distance. 
v	(sports) To defend (mark) a particular player or area. 
n	A surname. 
