v	(intransitive) To form cracks. 
v	(intransitive) To break apart under force, stress, or pressure. 
v	(intransitive) To become debilitated by psychological pressure. 
v	(intransitive) To break down or yield, especially under interrogation or torture. 
v	(intransitive) To make a cracking sound. 
v	(intransitive, of a voice) To change rapidly in register. 
v	(intransitive, of a pubescent boy's voice) To alternate between high and low register in the process of eventually lowering. 
v	(intransitive) To make a sharply humorous comment. 
v	(transitive) To make a crack or cracks in. 
v	(transitive) To break open or crush to small pieces by impact or stress. 
v	(transitive) To strike forcefully. 
v	(transitive) To open slightly. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To cause to yield under interrogation or other pressure. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To solve a difficult problem. 
v	(transitive) To overcome a security system or component. 
v	(transitive) To cause to make a sharp sound. 
v	(transitive) To tell (a joke). 
v	(transitive, chemistry) To break down (a complex molecule), especially with the application of heat: to pyrolyse. 
v	(transitive, computing) To circumvent software restrictions such as regional coding or time limits. 
v	(transitive, informal) To open a canned beverage, or any packaged drink or food. 
v	(obsolete) To brag; to boast. 
v	(archaic, colloquial) To be ruined or impaired; to fail. 
n	A thin and usually jagged space opened in a previously solid material. 
n	A narrow opening. 
n	A sharply humorous comment; a wisecrack. 
n	(slang) Crack cocaine, a potent, relatively cheap, addictive variety of cocaine; often a rock, usually smoked through a crack-pipe. 
n	(figuratively, humorous) Something good-tasting or habit-forming. 
n	(onomatopoeia) The sharp sound made when solid material breaks. 
n	(onomatopoeia) Any sharp sound. 
n	A sharp, resounding blow. 
n	(informal) An attempt at something. 
n	(vulgar, slang) Vagina. 
n	(informal) The space between the buttocks. 
n	(Northern England, Scotland, Ireland) Conviviality; fun; good conversation, chat, gossip, or humorous storytelling; good company. 
n	(Northern England, Scotland, Ireland) Business; events; news. 
n	(computing) A program or procedure designed to circumvent restrictions or usage limits on software. 
n	(hydrodynamics, US, dated) An expanding circle of white water surrounding the site of a large explosion at shallow depth, marking the progress of the shock wave through the air above the water. 
n	(Cumbria, elsewhere throughout the North of the UK) a meaningful chat. 
n	(Internet slang) Extremely silly, absurd or off-the-wall ideas or prose. 
n	The tone of voice when changed at puberty. 
n	(archaic) A mental flaw; a touch of craziness; partial insanity. 
n	(archaic) A crazy or crack-brained person. 
n	(obsolete) A boast; boasting. 
n	(obsolete) Breach of chastity. 
n	(obsolete) A boy, generally a pert, lively boy. 
n	(slang, dated, UK) A brief time; an instant; a jiffy. 
adj	Highly trained and competent. 
adj	Excellent, first-rate, superior, top-notch. 
n	(obsolete) One who excels; the best. 
