n	(uncountable, obsolete) Strength; power; might; force . 
n	Ability, skilfulness, especially skill in making plans and carrying them into execution; dexterity in managing affairs, adroitness, practical cunning; ingenuity in constructing, dexterity . 
n	Cunning, art, skill, or dexterity applied to bad purposes; artifice; guile; subtlety; shrewdness as demonstrated by being skilled in deception . 
n	(obsolete) Occult art, magic . 
n	(countable, obsolete in the general sense) A work or product of art . 
n	(collective or plural) Handmade items, especially domestic or decorative objects; handicrafts . 
n	(countable, obsolete) A device, a means; a magical device, spell or enchantment . 
n	(countable, obsolete) Learning of the schools, scholarship; a branch of learning or knowledge, a science, especially one of the ‘seven liberal arts’ of the medieval universities . 
n	(uncountable) Skill, skilfulness, art, especially the skill needed for a particular profession . 
n	(countable, plural crafts) A branch of skilled work or trade, especially one requiring manual dexterity or artistic skill, but sometimes applied equally to any business, calling or profession; the skilled practice of a practical occupation . 
n	(countable) A trade or profession as embodied in its practitioners collectively; the members of a trade or handicraft as a body; an association of these; a trade's union, guild, or ‘company’ . 
n	(nautical) Boats, especially of smaller size than ships. Historically primarily applied to vessels engaged in loading or unloading of other vessels, as lighters, hoys, and barges. 
n	(nautical, British Royal Navy) Those vessels attendant on a fleet, such as cutters, schooners, and gun-boats, generally commanded by lieutenants. 
n	(figuratively) A woman. 
n	(countable, fishing) Implements used in catching fish, such as net, line, or hook. Modern use primarily in whaling, as in harpoons, hand-lances, etc. . 
v	To make by hand and with much skill. 
v	To construct, develop something (like a skilled craftsman). 
v	(video games) To combine multiple items to form a new item, such as armour or medicine. 
n	A surname. 
