n	A geometrical figure consisting of two straight lines or bars intersecting each other such that at least one of them is bisected by the other. 
n	(heraldry) Any geometric figure having this or a similar shape, such as a cross of Lorraine or a Maltese cross. 
n	A wooden post with a perpendicular beam attached and used (especially in the Roman Empire) to execute criminals (by crucifixion). 
n	(Christianity) Usually with the: the cross on which Christ was crucified. 
n	(Christianity) A hand gesture made in imitation of the shape of the Cross. 
n	(Christianity) A modified representation of the crucifixion stake, worn as jewellery or displayed as a symbol of religious devotion. 
n	(figurative, from Christ's bearing of the cross) A difficult situation that must be endured. 
n	The act of going across; the act of passing from one side to the other 
n	(biology) An animal or plant produced by crossbreeding or cross-fertilization. 
n	(by extension) A hybrid of any kind. 
n	(boxing) A hook thrown over the opponent's punch. 
n	(soccer) A pass in which the ball is kicked from a side of the pitch to a position close to the opponent’s goal. 
n	A place where roads intersect and lead off in four directions; a crossroad (common in UK and Irish place names such as Gerrards Cross). 
n	A monument that marks such a place. (Also common in UK or Irish place names such as Charing Cross) 
n	(obsolete) A coin stamped with the figure of a cross, or that side of such a piece on which the cross is stamped; hence, money in general. 
n	(obsolete, Ireland) Church lands. 
n	A line drawn across or through another line. 
n	(surveying) An instrument for laying of offsets perpendicular to the main course. 
n	A pipe-fitting with four branches whose axes usually form a right angle. 
n	(Rubik's Cube) Four edge cubies of one side that are in their right places, forming the shape of a cross. 
n	(cartomancy) The thirty-sixth Lenormand card. 
n	(slang) crossfire. 
adj	Transverse; lying across the main direction. 
adj	(archaic) Opposite, opposed to. 
adj	(now rare) Opposing, adverse; being contrary to what one would hope or wish for. 
adj	(chiefly Britain) Bad-tempered, angry, annoyed. 
adj	Made in an opposite direction, or an inverse relation; mutually inverse; interchanged. 
adj	(nautical) Of the sea, having two wave systems traveling at oblique angles, due to the wind over shifting direction or the waves of two storm systems meeting. 
v	To place across or athwart; to cause to intersect. 
v	To lay or draw something across, such as a line. 
v	To mark with an X. 
v	To write lines of text at right angles to and over the top of one another in order to save paper.ᵂ 
v	(reflexive, to cross oneself) To make the sign of the cross over oneself. 
v	(transitive) To make the sign of the cross over (something or someone). 
v	(transitive) To go from one side of (something) to the other. 
v	(intransitive) To travel in a direction or path that will intersect with that of another. 
v	(transitive) To pass, as objects going in an opposite direction at the same time. 
v	(sports) Relative movement by a player or of players. 
v	(transitive) To contradict (another) or frustrate the plans of. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To interfere and cut off ; to debar. 
v	(law) To conduct a cross examination; to question a hostile witness. 
v	(biology) To cross-fertilize or crossbreed. 
v	(transitive) To stamp or mark (a cheque) in such a way as to prevent it being cashed, thus requiring it to be deposited into a bank account. 
n	A settlement on the Isle of Lewis, Western Isles council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NB5062). 
n	A hamlet in St Dominick parish, east Cornwall, England (OS grid ref SX4067) 
n	A hamlet in Georgeham parish, North Devon district, Devon, England (OS grid ref SS4539). 
n	A hamlet in Goodleigh parish, North Devon district, Devon (OS grid ref SS6034). 
n	A hamlet north of Ellesmere, Shropshire, England (OS grid ref SJ3936). 
n	A village in Compton Bishop parish, Sedgemoor district, Somerset, England (OS grid ref ST4154). 
n	A village and townland in County Clare, Ireland, Irish spelling An Chrois. 
n	A village in County Mayo, Ireland, Irish spelling An Chrois. 
n	An unincorporated community in Berkeley County, South Carolina, United States. 
n	An unincorporated community in Mineral County, West Virginia, United States. 
n	A town in Buffalo County, Wisconsin, United States. 
n	A topographic surname from Middle English for someone who lived near a stone cross on a road. 
n	(Christianity) Alternative spelling of cross; sometimes used when referring to the historical cross on which Jesus died. [A geometrical figure consisting of two straight lines or bars intersecting each other such that at least one of them is bisected by the other.] 
