n	A concave vessel for drinking from, usually made of opaque material (as opposed to a glass) and with a handle. 
n	The contents of said vessel. 
n	(US) A US unit of liquid measure equal to 8 fluid ounces (¹⁄₁₆ of a US gallon; 236.5882365 mL) or 240 mL. 
n	(Canada) A Canadian unit of measure equal to 8 imperial ounces (¹⁄₂₀ imperial gallon; 227.3 mL) or 250 mL. 
n	(UK, dated) A British unit of measure equal to ¹⁄₂ imperial pint (10 imperial ounces; 284 mL) or 300 mL. 
n	A trophy in the shape of an oversized cup. 
n	A contest for which a cup is awarded. 
n	(soccer) The main knockout tournament in a country, organised alongside the league. 
n	(golf) A cup-shaped object placed in the target hole. 
n	(in combination) Any of various sweetened alcoholic drinks. 
n	(US, Canada) A rigid concave protective covering for the male genitalia. 
n	One of the two parts of a brassiere which each cover a breast. 
n	Prefixed with a letter, used as a measurement of bra or breast size. 
n	(mathematics) The symbol ∪ denoting union and similar operations. 
n	(tarot) A suit of the minor arcana in tarot, or one of the cards from the suit. 
n	(ultimate frisbee) A defensive style characterized by a three player near defense cupping the thrower; or those three players. 
n	A flexible concave membrane used to temporarily attach a handle or hook to a flat surface by means of suction. 
n	Anything shaped like a cup. 
n	(medicine, historical) A cupping glass or other vessel or instrument used to produce the vacuum in cupping. 
n	(figuratively) That which is to be received or indured; that which is allotted to one; a portion of blessings and afflictions. 
v	(transitive) To form into the shape of a cup, particularly of the hands. 
v	(transitive) To hold something in cupped hands. 
v	(transitive) To pour (a liquid, drink, etc.) into a cup. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To supply with cups of wine. 
v	(transitive, surgery, archaic) To apply a cupping apparatus to; to subject to the operation of cupping. 
v	(transitive, engineering) To make concave or in the form of a cup. 
n	(informal, sports) A particular trophy that is a cup; sometimes with the definite article "the". 
n	(informal, sports) A win of a championship that is awarded a cup. 
n	(informal, sports) A win of an event comprising part of the championship, which is awarded a cup 
n	Initialism of Cambridge University Press. 
