v	To perform an incision on, for example with a knife. 
v	To divide with a knife, scissors, or another sharp instrument. 
v	To form or shape by cutting. 
v	(slang) To wound with a knife. 
v	(intransitive) To engage in self-harm by making cuts in one's own skin. 
v	To deliver a stroke with a whip or like instrument to. 
v	To wound or hurt deeply the sensibilities of; to pierce. 
v	To castrate or geld. 
v	To interfere, as a horse; to strike one foot against the opposite foot or ankle in using the legs. 
v	(intransitive) To admit of incision or severance; to yield to a cutting instrument. 
v	To separate or omit, in a situation where one was previously associated. 
v	To abridge or shorten a work; to remove a portion of a recording during editing. 
v	To reduce, especially intentionally. 
v	To absent oneself from (a class, an appointment, etc.). 
v	(transitive, social) To ignore as a social rebuff or snub. 
v	(intransitive, film) To make an abrupt transition from one scene or image to another. 
v	(transitive, film) To edit a film by selecting takes from original footage. 
v	(transitive, computing) To remove (text, a picture, etc.) and place in memory in order to paste at a later time. 
v	(intransitive) To enter a queue in the wrong place. 
v	(intransitive) To intersect or cross in such a way as to divide in half or nearly so. 
v	(transitive, cricket) To make the ball spin sideways by running one's fingers down the side of the ball while bowling it. 
v	(transitive, cricket) To deflect (a bowled ball) to the off, with a chopping movement of the bat. 
v	(intransitive) To change direction suddenly. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To divide a pack of playing cards into two. 
v	(transitive, slang) To make or negotiate. 
v	(transitive, slang) To dilute or adulterate something, especially a recreational drug. 
v	(transitive) To exhibit (a quality). 
v	(transitive) To stop, disengage, or cease. 
v	(sports) To drive (a ball) to one side, as by (in billiards or croquet) hitting it fine with another ball, or (in tennis) striking it with the racket inclined. 
v	(bodybuilding) To lose body mass, aiming to keep muscle but lose body fat. 
v	To perform (a dancing movement etc.). 
adj	(participial adjective) Having been cut. 
adj	Reduced. 
adj	(of a gem) Carved into a shape; not raw. 
adj	(cricket, of a shot) Played with a horizontal bat to hit the ball backward of point. 
adj	(bodybuilding) Having muscular definition in which individual groups of muscle fibers stand out among larger muscles. 
adj	(informal) Circumcised or having been the subject of female genital mutilation. 
adj	(Australia, New Zealand, slang) Emotionally hurt. 
adj	(slang, New Zealand, formerly UK) Intoxicated as a result of drugs or alcohol. 
n	The act of cutting. 
n	The result of cutting. 
n	An opening resulting from cutting; an incision or wound. 
n	A notch, passage, or channel made by cutting or digging; a furrow; a groove. 
n	An artificial navigation channel as distinguished from a navigable river. 
n	A share or portion of profits. 
n	A decrease. 
n	(cricket) A batsman's shot played with a swinging motion of the bat, to hit the ball backward of point. 
n	(cricket) Sideways movement of the ball through the air caused by a fast bowler imparting spin to the ball. 
n	(sports) In lawn tennis, etc., a slanting stroke causing the ball to spin and bound irregularly; also, the spin thus given to the ball. 
n	(golf) In a strokeplay competition, the early elimination of those players who have not then attained a preannounced score, so that the rest of the competition is less pressed for time and more entertaining for spectators. 
n	(especially theater, film) A passage omitted or to be omitted from a play, movie script, speech, etc. 
n	(film) A particular version or edit of a film. 
n	(card games) The act or right of dividing a deck of playing cards. 
n	(card games) The card obtained by dividing the pack. 
n	The manner or style a garment etc. is fashioned in. 
n	A slab, especially of meat. 
n	(fencing) An attack made with a chopping motion of the blade, landing with its edge or point. 
n	A deliberate snub, typically a refusal to return a bow or other acknowledgement of acquaintance. 
n	An unkind act; a cruelty. 
n	A definable part, such as an individual song, of a recording, particularly of commercial records, audio tapes, CDs, etc. 
n	(archaeology) A truncation, a context that represents a moment in time when other archaeological deposits were removed for the creation of some feature such as a ditch or pit. 
n	A haircut. 
n	(graph theory) The partition of a graph’s vertices into two subgroups. 
n	(rail transport) A string of railway cars coupled together, shorter than a train. 
n	An engraved block or plate; the impression from such an engraving. 
n	(obsolete) A common workhorse; a gelding. 
n	(slang, dated) The failure of a college officer or student to be present at any appointed exercise. 
n	A skein of yarn. 
n	(slang, uncountable) That which is used to dilute or adulterate a recreational drug. 
n	(fashion) A notch shaved into an eyebrow. 
n	(bodybuilding) A time period when one tries to lose fat while retaining muscle mass. 
n	(slang) A hidden, secluded, or secure place. 
n	(chemical engineering, petrochemistry) The range of temperatures used to distill a particular mixture of hydrocarbons from crude oil. 
