adj	(usually not comparable) No longer living. (Also used as a noun.) 
adj	(usually not comparable) Devoid of life. 
adj	(hyperbolic) Figuratively, not alive; lacking life. 
adj	(of another person) So hated that they are absolutely ignored. 
adj	Doomed; marked for death (literally or as a hyperbole). 
adj	Without emotion. 
adj	Stationary; static. 
adj	Without interest to one of the senses; dull; flat. 
adj	Unproductive. 
adj	(not comparable, of a machine, device, or electrical circuit) Completely inactive; currently without power; without a signal. 
adj	(of a battery) Unable to emit power, being discharged (flat) or faulty. 
adj	(not comparable) Broken or inoperable. 
adj	(not comparable) No longer used or required. 
adj	(engineering) Not imparting motion or power by design. 
adj	(not comparable, sports) Not in play. 
adj	(not comparable, golf, of a golf ball) Lying so near the hole that the player is certain to hole it in the next stroke. 
adj	(not comparable, baseball, slang, 1800s) Tagged out. 
adj	(not comparable) Full and complete. 
adj	(not comparable) Exact. 
adj	Experiencing pins and needles (paresthesia). 
adj	Constructed so as not to transmit sound; soundless. 
adj	(obsolete) Bringing death; deadly. 
adj	(law) Cut off from the rights of a citizen; deprived of the power of enjoying the rights of property. 
adj	(rare, especially religion, often with "to") Indifferent to, no longer subject to or ruled by (sin, guilt, pleasure, etc). 
adv	(degree, informal, colloquial) Exactly. 
adv	(degree, informal, colloquial) Very, absolutely, extremely. 
adv	Suddenly and completely. 
adv	(informal) As if dead. 
n	(often with "the") Time when coldness, darkness, or stillness is most intense. 
n	(UK) (usually in the plural) Sterile mining waste, often present as many large rocks stacked inside the workings. 
v	(transitive) To prevent by disabling; stop. 
v	(transitive) To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life, force, or vigour. 
v	(UK, US, transitive, slang) To kill. 
n	(bodybuilding, colloquial) Clipping of deadlift. [(weightlifting) A weight training exercise where one lifts a loaded barbell off the ground from a stabilized bent-over position.] 
