v	followed by of; general use: 
v	followed by from; general use, though somewhat more common in the context of medicine or the sciences: 
v	followed by for; often expressing wider contextual motivations, though sometimes indicating direct causes: 
v	(now rare) followed by with as an indication of direct cause: 
v	(uncommon, nonstandard outside video games) followed by to as an indication of direct cause (like from): 
v	(still current) followed by with as an indication of manner: 
v	(transitive) To (stop living and) undergo (a specified death). 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To yearn intensely. 
v	(intransitive, uncommon, idiomatic) To be or become hated or utterly ignored or cut off, as if dead. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To become spiritually dead; to lose hope. 
v	(intransitive, colloquial, hyperbolic) To be mortified or shocked by a situation. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively, hyperbolic) To be so overcome with emotion or laughter as to be incapacitated. 
v	(intransitive, of a machine) To stop working; to break down or otherwise lose "vitality". 
v	(intransitive, of a computer program) To abort, to terminate (as an error condition). 
v	(intransitive, of a legislative bill or resolution) To expire at the end of the session of a legislature without having been brought to a vote. 
v	To perish; to cease to exist; to become lost or extinct. 
v	To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish, with weakness, discouragement, love, etc. 
v	(often with "to") To become indifferent; to cease to be subject. 
v	(architecture) To disappear gradually in another surface, as where mouldings are lost in a sloped or curved face. 
v	To become vapid, flat, or spiritless, as liquor. 
v	(of a stand-up comedian or a joke) To fail to evoke laughter from the audience. 
n	The cubical part of a pedestal; a plinth. 
n	A device for cutting into a specified shape. 
n	A device used to cut an external screw thread. (Internal screw threads are cut with a tap.) 
n	A mold for forming metal or plastic objects. 
n	An embossed device used in stamping coins and medals. 
n	(semiconductors, plural also dice) An oblong chip fractured from a semiconductor wafer engineered to perform as an independent device or integrated circuit. 
n	Any small cubical or square body. 
n	An isohedral polyhedron, usually a cube, with numbers or symbols on each side and used in games of chance. 
n	(obsolete) That which is, or might be, determined, by a throw of the die; hazard; chance. 
n	Obsolete spelling of dye [A colourant, especially one that has an affinity to the substrate to which it is applied.] 
v	Obsolete spelling of dye [(transitive) To colour with dye, or as if with dye.] 
