n	The species Canis familiaris (sometimes designated Canis lupus familiaris), domesticated for thousands of years and of highly variable appearance because of human breeding. 
n	Any member of the family Canidae, including domestic dogs, wolves, coyotes, jackals, foxes, and their relatives (extant and extinct); canid. 
n	(often attributive) A male dog, wolf, or fox, as opposed to a bitch or vixen. 
n	The meat of this animal, eaten as food: 
n	(slang, derogatory) A dull, unattractive girl or woman. 
n	(slang) A man, guy, chap. 
n	(derogatory) Someone who is cowardly, worthless, or morally reprehensible. 
n	(slang) A sexually aggressive man. 
n	Any of various mechanical devices for holding, gripping, or fastening something, particularly with a tooth-like projection. 
n	A click or pallet adapted to engage the teeth of a ratchet wheel, to restrain the back action. 
n	A metal support for logs in a fireplace. 
n	(cartomancy) The eighteenth Lenormand card. 
n	A hot dog: a frankfurter, wiener, or similar sausage; or a sandwich made from this. 
n	(poker slang) Underdog. 
n	(slang, almost always in the plural) Foot. 
n	(Cockney rhyming slang) (from "dog and bone") Phone or mobile phone. 
n	One of the cones used to divide up a racetrack when training horses. 
n	(informal) Something that performs poorly. 
n	(film) A flop; a film that performs poorly at the box office. 
v	(transitive) To pursue with the intent to catch. 
v	(transitive) To follow in an annoying or harassing way. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To fasten a hatch securely. 
v	(intransitive, emerging usage in Britain) To watch, or participate, in sexual activity in a public place. 
v	(intransitive, transitive) To intentionally restrict one's productivity as employee; to work at the slowest rate that goes unpunished. 
v	(transitive) To criticize. 
v	(transitive, military) To divide (a watch) with a comrade. 
adj	(slang) Of inferior quality; dogshit. 
n	(humorous) The language supposedly spoken by dogs 
n	The eleventh of the 12-year cycle of animals which appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar. 
n	(Tyneside, slang) Newcastle Brown Ale 
n	Initialism of digital on-screen graphic. 
n	Initialism of digitally originated graphic. 
