adv	(comparable) From a higher position to a lower one; downwards. 
adv	As a down payment. 
adv	On paper (or in a durable record). 
adv	To the south (as south is at the bottom of typical maps). 
adv	Away from the city (regardless of direction). 
adv	At or towards any place that is visualised as 'down' by virtue of local features or local convention, or arbitrarily, irrespective of direction or elevation change. 
adv	(sports) Towards the opponent's side (in ball-sports). 
adv	Into a state of non-operation. 
adv	To a subordinate or less prestigious position or rank. 
adv	(rail transport) In the direction leading away from the principal terminus, away from milepost zero. 
adv	(sentence substitute, imperative) Get down. 
adv	(UK, academia, dated) Away from Oxford or Cambridge. 
adv	From a remoter or higher antiquity. 
adv	So as to lessen quantity, level or intensity. 
adv	So as to reduce size, weight or volume. 
adv	From less to greater detail. 
adv	So as to secure or compress something to the floor, ground, or other (usually horizontal) surface. 
adv	Used with verbs to indicate that the action of the verb was carried to some state of completion, permanence, or success rather than being of indefinite duration. 
adv	Forward, straight ahead. 
adj	Facing downwards. 
adj	At a lower level than before. 
adj	(informal) Sad, unhappy, depressed, feeling low. 
adj	(normally in the combination 'down with') Sick or ill. 
adj	(not comparable, military, law enforcement, slang, of a person) Wounded and unable to move normally, or killed. 
adj	(not comparable, military, aviation, slang, of an aircraft) Mechanically failed, collided, shot down, or otherwise suddenly unable to fly. 
adj	(not comparable) Inoperable; out of order; out of service. 
adj	Having a lower score than an opponent. 
adj	(baseball, cricket, colloquial, following the noun modified) Out. 
adj	(colloquial, with "on") Negative about; hostile to. 
adj	(Canada, US, slang) Comfortable with, accepting of. 
adj	(African-American Vernacular, slang) Accepted, respected, or loyally participating in the (thug) community. 
adj	Finished (of a task); defeated or dealt with (of an opponent or obstacle); elapsed (of time). Often coupled with to go (remaining). 
adj	Thoroughly practiced, learned or memorised; mastered. (Compare down pat.) 
adj	(obsolete) Downright; absolute; positive. 
adj	(of a tree, limb, etc) Fallen or felled. 
v	(transitive) To knock (someone or something) down; to cause to come down; to fell. 
v	(transitive) Specifically, to cause (something in the air) to fall to the ground; to bring down (with a missile etc.). 
v	(transitive) To lower; to put (something) down. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To defeat; to overpower. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To disparage; to put down. 
v	(intransitive, rare or obsolete) To go or come down; to descend. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To drink or swallow, especially without stopping before the vessel containing the liquid is empty. 
v	(transitive, American football, Canadian football) To render (the ball) dead, typically by touching the ground while in possession. 
v	(transitive, golf, pocket billiards) To sink (a ball) into a hole or pocket. 
n	A negative aspect; a downer, a downside. 
n	(dated) A grudge (on someone). 
n	An act of swallowing an entire drink at once. 
n	(American football) A single play, from the time the ball is snapped (the start) to the time the whistle is blown (the end) when the ball is down, or is downed. 
n	(crosswords) A clue whose solution runs vertically in the grid. 
n	A downstairs room of a two-story house. 
n	Down payment. 
n	The lightest quark with a charge number of −¹⁄₃. 
n	(especially southern England) A hill, especially a chalk hill; rolling grassland 
n	(usually in the plural) A field, especially one used for horse racing. 
n	(UK, chiefly in the plural) A tract of poor, sandy, undulating or hilly land near the sea, covered with fine turf which serves chiefly for the grazing of sheep. 
n	Soft, fluffy immature feathers which grow on young birds. Used as insulating material in duvets, sleeping bags and jackets. 
n	(botany) The pubescence of plants; the hairy crown or envelope of the seeds of certain plants, such as the thistle. 
n	The soft hair of the face when beginning to appear. 
n	That which is made of down, as a bed or pillow; that which affords ease and repose, like a bed of down. 
v	(transitive) To cover, ornament, line, or stuff with down. 
n	One of the six traditional counties of Northern Ireland, usually known as County Down. 
n	A surname. 
