n	A current of air, usually coming into a room or vehicle. 
n	The draw through a flue of gasses (smoke) resulting from a combustion process. 
n	An act of drinking. 
n	The quantity of liquid (such as water, alcohol, or medicine) drunk in one swallow. 
n	A dose (of medicine, alcohol, etc.) 
n	Beer drawn from a cask or keg rather than a bottle or can. 
n	(nautical) The depth of water needed to float a particular ship; the depth from the waterline to the bottom of a vessel's hull; the depth of water drawn by a vessel. 
n	An early version of a written work (such as a book or e-mail) or drawing. 
n	A preliminary sketch or outline for a plan. 
n	A cheque, an order for money to be paid. 
n	(usually with the) Conscription, the system of forcing people to serve in the military. 
n	(politics) A system of forcing or convincing people to take an elected position. 
n	(sports) A system of assigning rookie players to professional sports teams. 
n	(rail transport) The pulling force (tension) on couplers and draft gear during a slack stretched condition. 
n	The bevel given to the pattern for a casting, so that it can be drawn from the sand without damaging the mould. 
n	(possibly archaic) The action or an act (especially of a beast of burden or vehicle) of pulling something along or back. 
n	(possibly archaic) The act of drawing in a net for fish. 
n	(possibly archaic) That which is drawn in; a catch, a haul. 
n	A quantity that is requisitioned or drawn out from a larger population. 
v	(transitive) To write a first version, make a preliminary sketch. 
v	To draw in outline; to make a draught, sketch, or plan of, as in architectural and mechanical drawing. 
v	To write a law. 
v	(transitive) To conscript a person, force a person to serve in some capacity, especially in the military. 
v	To select someone (or something) for a particular role or purpose. 
v	To select and separate an animal or animals from a group. 
v	(transitive, sports) To select a rookie player onto a professional sports team. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To follow very closely (behind another vehicle), thereby providing an aerodynamic advantage to both lead and follower and conserving energy or increasing speed. 
v	To draw out; to call forth. 
v	To draw fibers out of a clump, for spinning in the production of yarn. 
adj	(not comparable) Referring to drinks on tap, in contrast to bottled. 
adj	Referring to animals used for pulling heavy loads. 
