n	(physics, uncountable) Resistance of a fluid to something moving through it. 
n	(by analogy with above) Any force acting in opposition to the motion of an object. 
n	(countable, foundry) The bottom part of a sand casting mold. 
n	(countable) A device dragged along the bottom of a body of water in search of something, e.g. a dead body, or in fishing. 
n	(countable, informal) A systematic search for someone over a wide area, especially by the authorities; a dragnet. 
n	(countable, music) A double drum-stroke played at twice the speed of the context in which it is placed. 
n	(countable, informal) A puff on a cigarette or joint. 
n	(countable, slang) Someone or something that is annoying or frustrating, or disappointing; an obstacle to progress or enjoyment. 
n	(countable, slang) A long open horse-drawn carriage with transverse or side seats. 
n	(countable, slang) Street, as in 'main drag'. 
n	(countable) The scent-path left by dragging a fox, or some other substance such as aniseed, for training hounds to follow scents. 
n	(countable, snooker) A large amount of backspin on the cue ball, causing the cue ball to slow down. 
n	A heavy harrow for breaking up ground. 
n	A kind of sledge for conveying heavy objects; also, a kind of low car or handcart. 
n	(metallurgy) The bottom part of a flask or mould, the upper part being the cope. 
n	(masonry) A steel instrument for completing the dressing of soft stone. 
n	(nautical) The difference between the speed of a screw steamer under sail and that of the screw when the ship outruns the screw; or between the propulsive effects of the different floats of a paddle wheel. 
n	Anything towed in the water to retard a ship's progress, or to keep her head up to the wind; especially, a canvas bag with a hooped mouth (drag sail), so used. 
n	A pulled load. 
n	A skid or shoe for retarding the motion of a carriage wheel. 
n	Motion affected with slowness and difficulty, as if clogged. 
n	(uncountable, music) Witch house music. 
n	The last position in a line of hikers. 
n	(billiards) A push somewhat under the centre of the cue ball, causing it to follow the object ball a short way. 
n	A device for guiding wood to the saw. 
n	(historical) A mailcoach. 
n	(slang) A prison sentence of three months. 
v	(transitive) To pull along a surface or through a medium, sometimes with difficulty. 
v	To move onward heavily, laboriously, or slowly; to advance with weary effort; to go on lingeringly. 
v	To act or proceed slowly or without enthusiasm; to be reluctant. 
v	To draw along (something burdensome); hence, to pass in pain or with difficulty. 
v	To serve as a clog or hindrance; to hold back. 
v	(graphical user interface) To operate a pointing device by moving it with a button held down; to move, copy, etc. (an item) in this way. 
v	(chiefly of a vehicle) To unintentionally rub or scrape on a surface. 
v	(soccer) To hit or kick off target. 
v	To fish with a dragnet. 
v	To search for something, as a lost object or body, by dragging something along the bottom of a body of water. 
v	To break (land) by drawing a drag or harrow over it; to harrow. 
v	(figuratively) To search exhaustively, as if with a dragnet. 
v	(slang) To roast, say negative things about, or call attention to the flaws of (someone). 
v	(intransitive, music) To play at a slower tempo than one is supposed to or than the other musicians one is playing with, or to inadvertently gradually decrease tempo while one is playing. 
n	(uncountable, slang) Women's clothing worn by men for the purpose of entertainment. 
n	(uncountable, slang, by analogy) Men's clothing worn by women for the purpose of entertainment. 
n	(countable, slang) A men's party attended in women's clothing. 
n	(uncountable, slang) Any type of clothing or costume associated with a particular occupation or subculture. 
v	To perform as a drag queen or drag king. 
