v	To sketch; depict with lines; to produce a picture with pencil, crayon, chalk, etc. on paper, cardboard, etc. 
v	To deduce or infer. 
v	(intransitive, transitive, of drinks, especially tea) To steep, leave temporarily so as to allow the flavour to increase. 
v	(transitive) To take or procure from a place of deposit; to call for and receive from a fund, etc. 
v	To take into the lungs; to inhale. 
v	(used with prepositions and adverbs) To move; to come or go. 
v	To approach, come to, or arrive at a point in time or a process. 
v	(transitive) To obtain from some cause or origin; to infer from evidence or reasons; to deduce from premises; to derive. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To withdraw. 
v	(archaic) To draw up (a document). 
v	(transitive) To drag, pull. 
v	(intransitive) To pull; to exert strength in drawing anything; to have force to move anything by pulling. 
v	To pull out, unsheathe (as a gun from a holster, or a tooth). 
v	To undergo the action of pulling or dragging. 
v	(archery) To pull back the bowstring and its arrow in preparation for shooting. 
v	(of curtains, etc.) To close. 
v	(of curtains, etc.) To open. 
v	(card games) To take the top card of a deck into hand. 
v	To extract a liquid, or cause a liquid to come out, primarily water or blood. 
v	To drain by emptying; to suck dry. 
v	(figuratively) To extract; to force out; to elicit; to derive. 
v	To sink in water; to require a depth for floating. 
v	(intransitive, medicine, dated) To work as an epispastic; said of a blister, poultice, etc. 
v	(intransitive) To have a draught; to transmit smoke, gases, etc. 
v	(analogous) To consume, for example, power. 
v	To extend in length; to lengthen; to protract; to stretch. 
v	(intransitive) To become contracted; to shrink. 
v	To attract. 
v	To induce (a reticent person) to speak. 
v	(hunting) To search for game. 
v	To cause. 
v	(intransitive) To exert an attractive force; (figuratively) to act as an inducement or enticement. 
v	(usually as draw on or draw upon) To rely on; utilize as a source. 
v	To disembowel. 
v	(transitive or intransitive) To end a game in a draw (with neither side winning). 
v	To select by the drawing of lots. 
v	(transitive) To win in a lottery or similar game of chance. 
v	(poker) To trade in cards for replacements in draw poker games; to attempt to improve one's hand with future cards. See also draw out. 
v	(curling) To make a shot that lands gently in the house (the circular target) without knocking out other stones. 
v	(cricket) To play (a short-length ball directed at the leg stump) with an inclined bat so as to deflect the ball between the legs and the wicket. 
v	(golf) To hit (the ball) with the toe of the club so that it is deflected toward the left. 
v	(billiards) To strike (the cue ball) below the center so as to give it a backward rotation which causes it to take a backward direction on striking another ball. 
n	The result of a contest that neither side has won; a tie. 
n	The procedure by which the result of a lottery is determined. 
n	Something that attracts e.g. a crowd. 
n	The act of drawing. 
n	(cricket) The result of a two-innings match in which at least one side did not complete all their innings before time ran out (as distinguished from a tie). 
n	(golf) A golf shot that (for the right-handed player) curves intentionally to the left. See hook, slice, fade. 
n	(curling) A shot that is intended to land gently in the house (the circular target) without knocking out other stones; cf. takeout. 
n	(geography) A dry stream bed that drains surface water only during periods of heavy rain or flooding. 
n	(slang, countable) A bag of cannabis. 
n	(slang, uncountable) Cannabis. 
n	In a commission-based job, an advance on future (potential) commissions given to an employee by the employer. 
n	(poker) A situation in which one or more players has four cards of the same suit or four out of five necessary cards for a straight and requires a further card to make their flush or straight. 
n	(archery) The act of pulling back the strings in preparation of firing. 
n	(sports) The spin or twist imparted to a ball etc. by a drawing stroke. 
n	Draft in the sense of the flow through a flue of gasses (smoke) resulting from a combustion process, possibly adjustable with a damper. 
