v	(also reflexive and figuratively) To put clothes (or, formerly, armour) on (oneself or someone, a doll, a mannequin, etc.); to clothe. 
v	To design, make, provide, or select clothes (for someone). 
v	To arrange or style (someone's hair). 
v	(also figuratively) To adorn or ornament (something). 
v	To apply a dressing to or otherwise treat (a wound); (obsolete) to give (a wounded person) medical aid. 
v	To fit or prepare (something) for use; to render (something) suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready. 
v	(agriculture, horticulture) To cultivate or tend to (a garden, land, plants, etc.); especially, to add fertilizer or manure to (soil); to fertilize, to manure. 
v	(butchering) To cut up (an animal or its flesh) for food; specifically (hunting), to remove the internal organs (of a game animal) shortly after it has been killed so that the carcass cools more quickly; to field dress. 
v	(cooking) To prepare (food) for cooking or eating, especially by seasoning it; specifically, to add a dressing or sauce (to food, especially a salad). 
v	(film, television, theater) 
v	(military) To arrange (soldiers or troops) into proper formation; especially, to adjust (soldiers or troops) into straight lines and at a proper distance from each other; to align. 
v	(Northern England, archaic) To treat (someone) in a particular manner; specifically, in an appropriate or fitting manner; (by extension, ironic) to give (someone) a deserved beating; also, to give (someone) a good scolding; to dress down. 
v	(obsolete) To break in and train (a horse or other animal) for use. 
v	(reflexive, intransitive, obsolete) To prepare (oneself); to make ready. 
v	To put on clothes. 
v	Of a thing: to attain a certain condition after undergoing some process or treatment to fit or prepare it for use. 
v	(euphemistic, chiefly in the tailoring context) To allow one's penis to fall to one side or the other within one's trousers. 
v	(butchering) Of an animal carcass: to have a certain quantity or weight after removal of the internal organs and skin; also, to have a certain appearance after being cut up and prepared for cooking. 
v	(military, sometimes imperative as a drill command) Of soldiers or troops: to arrange into proper formation; especially, to form into straight lines and at a proper distance from each other. 
v	(sports) Of a sportsperson: to put on the uniform and have the equipment needed to play a sport. 
n	An item of clothing (usually worn by a woman or young girl) which both covers the upper part of the body and includes a skirt below the waist. 
n	(archaic) An item of outer clothing or set of such clothes (worn by people of all sexes) which is generally decorative and appropriate for a particular occasion, profession, etc. 
n	Apparel or clothing, especially when appropriate for a particular occasion, profession, etc. 
n	(archaic) The act of putting on clothes, especially fashionable ones, or for a particular (especially formal) occasion. 
n	(by extension) 
n	(obsolete) The act of applying a dressing to or otherwise treating a wound; also, the dressing so applied. 
v	(slang) Ellipsis of cross-dress. [To wear clothes typically associated with the opposite sex.] 
n	(film, television, theater) Ellipsis of dress rehearsal. [A rehearsal prior to a public spectacle, where all the performers are in costume, in order to test all aspects of the production by closely reproducing the actual conditions of a performance.] 
