n	Planned, usually long-lasting, effort to achieve something; ability coupled with ambition, determination, and motivation. 
n	Violent or rapid motion; a rushing onward or away; especially, a forced or hurried dispatch of business. 
n	An act of driving (prompting) game animals forward, to be captured or hunted. 
n	An act of driving (prompting) livestock animals forward, to transport a herd. 
n	(military) A sustained advance in the face of the enemy to take a strategic objective. 
n	A mechanism used to power or give motion to a vehicle or other machine or machine part. 
n	A trip made in a vehicle (now generally in a motor vehicle). 
n	A driveway. 
n	A type of public roadway. 
n	(dated) A place suitable or agreeable for driving; a road prepared for driving. 
n	(psychology) Desire or interest. 
n	(computer hardware) An apparatus for reading and writing data to or from a mass storage device such as a disk. 
n	(computer hardware) A mass storage device in which the mechanism for reading and writing data is integrated with the mechanism for storing data. 
n	(golf) A stroke made with a driver. 
n	(baseball, tennis) A ball struck in a flat trajectory. 
n	(cricket) A type of shot played by swinging the bat in a vertical arc, through the line of the ball, and hitting it along the ground, normally between cover and midwicket. 
n	(soccer) A straight level shot or pass. 
n	(American football) An offensive possession, generally one consisting of several plays and/ or first downs, often leading to a scoring opportunity. 
n	A charity event such as a fundraiser, bake sale, or toy drive. 
n	(retail) A campaign aimed at selling more of a certain product, e.g. by offering a discount. 
n	(typography) An impression or matrix formed by a punch drift. 
n	A collection of objects that are driven; a mass of logs to be floated down a river. 
v	(transitive) To provide an impetus for motion or other physical change, to move an object by means of the provision of force thereto. 
v	(transitive) To provide an impetus for a non-physical change, especially a change in one's state of mind. 
v	To displace either physically or non-physically, through the application of force. 
v	To cause intrinsic motivation through the application or demonstration of force: to impel or urge onward thusly, to compel to move on, to coerce, intimidate or threaten. 
v	(transitive) (especially of animals) To impel or urge onward by force; to push forward; to compel to move on. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To direct a vehicle powered by a horse, ox or similar animal. 
v	(transitive) To cause animals to flee out of. 
v	(transitive) To move (something) by hitting it with great force. 
v	(transitive) To cause (a mechanism) to operate. 
v	(transitive, ergative) To operate (a wheeled motorized vehicle). 
v	(transitive, slang, aviation) To operate (an aircraft). 
v	(transitive) To motivate; to provide an incentive for. 
v	(transitive) To compel (to do something). 
v	(transitive) To cause to become. 
v	(intransitive, cricket, tennis, baseball) To hit the ball with a drive. 
v	(intransitive) To travel by operating a wheeled motorized vehicle. 
v	(transitive) To convey (a person, etc.) in a wheeled motorized vehicle. 
v	(intransitive) To move forcefully. 
v	(intransitive) To be moved or propelled forcefully (especially of a ship). 
v	(transitive) To urge, press, or bring to a point or state. 
v	(transitive) To carry or to keep in motion; to conduct; to prosecute. 
v	(transitive) To clear, by forcing away what is contained. 
v	(mining) To dig horizontally; to cut a horizontal gallery or tunnel. 
v	(American football) To put together a drive (n.): to string together offensive plays and advance the ball down the field. 
v	(obsolete) To distrain for rent. 
v	(transitive) To separate the lighter (feathers or down) from the heavier, by exposing them to a current of air. 
v	To be the dominant party in a sex act. 
