adj	Of or pertaining to England. 
adj	English-language; of or pertaining to the language, descended from Anglo-Saxon, which developed in England. 
adj	Of or pertaining to the people of England (to Englishmen and Englishwomen). 
adj	Of or pertaining to the avoirdupois system of measure. 
adj	(Amish) Non-Amish, so named for speaking English rather than a variety of German. 
adj	(film, television) Denoting a vertical orientation of the barn doors. 
n	(in the plural) The people of England, Englishmen and Englishwomen. 
n	(Amish, in the plural) The non-Amish, people outside the Amish faith and community. 
n	(uncountable) Facility with the English language, ability to employ English correctly and idiomatically. 
n	The English term or expression for some thing or idea. 
n	The English text or phrasing of some spoken or written communication. 
n	A clear and readily understandable expression of some idea in English. 
n	Synonym of language arts, the class dedicated to improving primary and secondary school students' mastery of English and the material taught in such classes. 
n	(printing, dated) A size of type between pica (12 point) and great primer (18 point), standardized as 14-point. 
n	(uncountable, Canada, US) Spin or sidespin given to a ball, especially in pool or billiards. 
n	The language originating in England but now spoken in all parts of the British Isles, the Commonwealth of Nations, North America, and other parts of the world. 
n	A variety, dialect, or idiolect of spoken and or written English. 
n	English language, literature, composition as a subject of study 
n	An English surname originally denoting a non-Celtic or non-Danish person in Britain. 
n	A male or female given name 
n	A town, the county seat of Crawford County, Indiana; named for Indiana statesman William Hayden English. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To translate, adapt or render into English. 
n	Spinning or rotary motion given to a ball around the vertical axis, as in billiards or bowling. 
n	(by extension, figuratively) An unusual or unexpected interpretation of a text or idea, a spin, a nuance. 
