n	An organ through which animals see (perceive surroundings via light). 
n	The visual sense. 
n	The iris of the eye, being of a specified colour. 
n	Attention, notice. 
n	The ability to notice what others might miss. 
n	A meaningful stare or look. 
n	A private eye: a privately hired detective or investigator. 
n	A hole at the blunt end of a needle through which thread is passed. 
n	The oval hole of an axehead through which the axehandle is fitted. 
n	A fitting consisting of a loop of metal or other material, suitable for receiving a hook or the passage of a cord or line. 
n	The relatively clear and calm center of a hurricane or other cyclonic storm. 
n	A mark on an animal, such as a peacock or butterfly, resembling a human eye. 
n	The dark spot on a black-eyed pea. 
n	A reproductive bud in a potato. 
n	(informal) The dark brown center of a black-eyed Susan flower. 
n	A loop forming part of anything, or a hole through anything, to receive a rope, hook, pin, shaft, etc.; for example, at the end of a tie bar in a bridge truss, through a crank, at the end of a rope, or through a millstone. 
n	That which resembles the eye in relative importance or beauty. 
n	Tinge; shade of colour. 
n	One of the holes in certain kinds of cheese. 
n	(architecture) The circle in the centre of a volute. 
n	(typography) The enclosed counter (negative space) of the small letter e. 
n	(game of Go) An empty point or group of points surrounded by one player's stones. 
n	(usually in the plural) View or opinion. 
v	(transitive) To carefully or appraisingly observe (someone or something). 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To appear; to look. 
v	(transitive) To remove the reproductive buds from (potatoes). 
v	(transitive) To allow (fish eggs) to develop so that the black eye spots are visible. 
n	The name of the Latin-script letter I. 
n	A brood. 
n	A small village in north Herefordshire, England (OS grid ref SO4963). 
n	A small town in Suffolk, England. 
n	A short river in Cotswold district, Gloucestershire, England, which joins the River Dikler. 
n	A river in Melton borough, Leicestershire, England, which becomes the River Wreake. 
n	(UK, colloquial, "the Eye") the comedic magazine Private Eye. 
n	(UK, "the Eye") The London Eye, a tourist attraction in London. 
