n	(anatomy) The front part of the head of a human or other animal, featuring the eyes, nose, and mouth, and the surrounding area. 
n	One's facial expression. 
n	(in expressions such as 'make a face') A distorted facial expression; an expression of displeasure, insult, etc. 
n	Public image; outward appearance. 
n	The frontal aspect of something. 
n	An aspect of the character or nature of someone or something. 
n	(figuratively) Presence; sight; front. 
n	The directed force of something. 
n	Good reputation; standing, in the eyes of others; dignity; prestige. (See lose face, save face). 
n	Shameless confidence; boldness; effrontery. 
n	Any surface, especially a front or outer one. 
n	(geometry) Any of the flat bounding surfaces of a polyhedron; more generally, any of the bounding pieces of a polytope of any dimension. 
n	The numbered dial of a clock or watch; the clock face. 
n	(slang) The mouth. 
n	(slang) Makeup; one's complete facial cosmetic application. 
n	(metonymically) A person; the self; (reflexively, objectifying) oneself. 
n	(informal) A familiar or well-known person; a member of a particular scene, such as the music or fashion scene. 
n	(professional wrestling, slang) A headlining wrestler with a persona embodying heroic or virtuous traits and who is regarded as a "good guy", especially one who is handsome and well-conditioned; a baby face. 
n	(cricket) The front surface of a bat. 
n	(golf) The part of a golf club that hits the ball. 
n	(card games) The side of the card that shows its value (as opposed to the back side, which looks the same on all cards of the deck). 
n	(heraldry) The head of a lion, shown face-on and cut off immediately behind the ears. 
n	The width of a pulley, or the length of a cog from end to end. 
n	(typography) A typeface. 
n	A mode of regard, whether favourable or unfavourable; favour or anger. 
n	(informal) The amount expressed on a bill, note, bond, etc., without any interest or discount; face value. 
v	(transitive, of a person or animal) To position oneself or itself so as to have one's face closest to (something). 
v	(transitive, of an object) To have its front closest to, or in the direction of (something else). 
v	(transitive) To cause (something) to turn or present a face or front, as in a particular direction. 
v	(transitive) To be presented or confronted with; to have in prospect. 
v	(transitive) To deal with (a difficult situation or person); to accept (facts, reality, etc.) even when undesirable. 
v	(intransitive) To have the front in a certain direction. 
v	(transitive) To have as an opponent. 
v	(intransitive, cricket) To be the batsman on strike. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To confront impudently; to bully. 
v	(transitive) To cover in front, for ornament, protection, etc.; to put a facing upon. 
v	(transitive) To line near the edge, especially with a different material. 
v	To cover with better, or better appearing, material than the mass consists of, for purpose of deception, as the surface of a box of tea, a barrel of sugar, etc. 
v	(engineering) To make the surface of (anything) flat or smooth; to dress the face of (a stone, a casting, etc.); especially, in turning, to shape or smooth the flat surface of, as distinguished from the cylindrical surface. 
v	(transitive, retail) To arrange the products in (a store) so that they are tidy and attractive. 
