adj	(archaic or literary) Beautiful, of a pleasing appearance, with a pure and fresh quality. 
adj	Unblemished (figuratively or literally); clean and pure; innocent. 
adj	Light in color, pale, particularly with regard to skin tone but also referring to blond hair. 
adj	Just, equitable. 
adj	Adequate, reasonable, or decent, but not excellent. 
adj	(nautical, of a wind) Favorable to a ship's course. 
adj	Not overcast; cloudless; clear; pleasant; propitious; said of the sky, weather, or wind, etc. 
adj	Free from obstacles or hindrances; unobstructed; unencumbered; open; direct; said of a road, passage, etc. 
adj	(shipbuilding) Without sudden change of direction or curvature; smooth; flowing; said of the figure of a vessel, and of surfaces, water lines, and other lines. 
adj	(baseball) Between the baselines. 
adj	(rugby, of a catch) Taken direct from an opponent's foot, without the ball touching the ground or another player. 
adj	(cricket, of a ball delivered by the bowler) Not a no ball. 
adj	(statistics) Of a coin or die, having equal chance of landing on any side, unbiased. 
n	Something which is fair (in various senses of the adjective). 
n	(obsolete) A woman, a member of the ‘fair sex’; also as a collective singular, women. 
n	(obsolete) Fairness, beauty. 
n	A fair woman; a sweetheart. 
n	(obsolete) Good fortune; good luck. 
v	(transitive) To smoothen or even a surface (especially a connection or junction on a surface). 
v	(transitive) To bring into perfect alignment (especially about rivet holes when connecting structural members). 
v	(transitive, art) To make an animation smooth, removing any jerkiness. 
v	(transitive) To construct or design with the aim of producing a smooth outline or reducing air drag or water resistance. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To make fair or beautiful. 
adv	clearly, openly, frankly, civilly, honestly, favorably, auspiciously, agreeably 
n	A community gathering to celebrate and exhibit local achievements. 
n	An event for public entertainment and trade, a market. 
n	An event for professionals in a trade to learn of new products and do business, a trade fair. 
n	A travelling amusement park (called a funfair in British English and a (travelling) carnival in US English). 
