v	To move to a lower position under the effect of gravity. 
v	To come down, to drop or descend. 
v	To come as if by dropping down. 
v	To come to the ground deliberately, to prostrate oneself. 
v	To be brought to the ground. 
v	(obsolete) To let fall; to drop. 
v	(obsolete) To sink; to depress. 
v	(UK, US, dialect, archaic) To fell; to cut down. 
v	(copulative, in idiomatic expressions) To become. 
v	(intransitive) To collapse; to be overthrown or defeated. 
v	(intransitive, formal, euphemistic) To die, especially in battle or by disease. 
v	(intransitive) To become lower (in quantity, pitch, etc.). 
v	To occur (on a certain day of the week, date, or similar); to happen. 
v	(intransitive) To be allotted to; to arrive through chance, fate, or inheritance. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To diminish; to lessen or lower. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To bring forth. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To issue forth into life; to be brought forth; said of the young of certain animals. 
v	(intransitive) To descend in character or reputation; to become degraded; to sink into vice, error, or sin. 
v	(intransitive) To become ensnared or entrapped; to be worse off than before. 
v	(intransitive) To assume a look of shame or disappointment; to become or appear dejected; said of the face. 
v	(intransitive) To happen; to come to pass; to chance or light (upon). 
v	(intransitive) To begin with haste, ardour, or vehemence; to rush or hurry. 
v	(intransitive) To be dropped or uttered carelessly. 
v	(intransitive, of a fabric) To hang down (under the influence of gravity). 
n	The act of moving to a lower position under the effect of gravity. 
n	A reduction in quantity, pitch, etc. 
n	(chiefly Canada, US, archaic in Britain) The time of the year when the leaves typically fall from the trees; autumn; the season of the year between the autumnal equinox and the winter solstice. 
n	A loss of greatness or status. 
n	That which falls or cascades. 
n	(cricket, of a wicket) The action of a batsman being out. 
n	(curling) A defect in the ice which causes stones thrown into an area to drift in a given direction. 
n	(wrestling) An instance of a wrestler being pinned to the mat. 
n	A hairpiece for women consisting of long strands of hair on a woven backing, intended primarily to cover hair loss. 
n	(informal, US) Blame or punishment for a failure or misdeed. 
n	The part of the rope of a tackle to which the power is applied in hoisting (usu. plural). 
n	An old Scots unit of measure equal to six ells. 
n	A short, flexible piece of leather forming part of a bullwhip, placed between the thong and the cracker. 
n	The lid, on a piano, that covers the keyboard 
n	(nautical) The chasing of a hunted whale. 
n	(theology) The sudden fall of humanity into a state of sin, as brought about by the transgression of Adam and Eve. 
n	A surname. 
