adj	(dated) Firmly or securely fixed in place; stable. 
adj	Firm against attack; fortified by nature or art; impregnable; strong. 
adj	(of people) Steadfast, with unwavering feeling. (Now mostly in set phrases like fast friend(s).) 
adj	Moving with great speed, or capable of doing so; swift, rapid. 
adj	(nuclear physics, of a neutron) Having a kinetic energy between 1 million and 20 million electron volts; often used to describe the energy state of free neutrons at the moment of their release by a nuclear fission or nuclear fusion reaction (i.e., before the neutrons have been slowed down by anything). 
adj	Of a place, characterised by business, hustle and bustle, etc. 
adj	Causing unusual rapidity of play or action. 
adj	(computing, of a piece of hardware) Able to transfer data in a short period of time. 
adj	Deep or sound (of sleep); fast asleep (of people). 
adj	(of dyes or colours) Not running or fading when subjected to detrimental conditions such as wetness or intense light; permanent. 
adj	(obsolete) Tenacious; retentive. 
adj	(dated) Having an extravagant lifestyle or immoral habits. 
adj	Ahead of the correct time or schedule. 
adj	(of photographic film) More sensitive to light than average. 
adv	In a firm or secure manner, securely; in such a way as not to be moved; safe, sound . 
adv	(of sleeping) Deeply or soundly . 
adv	Immediately following in place or time; close, very near . 
adv	Quickly, with great speed; within a short time . 
adv	Ahead of the correct time or schedule. 
n	(Britain, rail transport) A train that calls at only some stations it passes between its origin and destination, typically just the principal stations 
v	(intransitive) To practice religious abstinence, especially from food. 
v	(intransitive) To reduce or limit one's nutrition intake for medical or health reasons, to diet. 
v	(transitive) (academic) To cause a person or animal to abstain, especially from eating. 
n	The act or practice of fasting, religious abstinence from food 
n	One of the fasting periods in the liturgical year 
n	A surname. 
n	Initialism of Focused assessment with sonography for trauma. 
