adj	Carrying more fat than usual on one's body; plump; not lean or thin. 
adj	Thick; large. 
adj	Bulbous; rotund. 
adj	Bountiful. 
adj	Oily; greasy; unctuous; rich (said of food). 
adj	(obsolete) Exhibiting the qualities of a fat animal; coarse; heavy; gross; dull; stupid. 
adj	Fertile; productive. 
adj	Rich; producing a large income; desirable. 
adj	Abounding in riches; affluent; fortunate. 
adj	(dated, printing) Of a character which enables the compositor to make large wages; said of matter containing blank, cuts, or many leads, etc. 
adj	(golf) Being a shot in which the ground is struck before the ball. 
adj	(theater) Of a role: significant; major; meaty. 
n	(uncountable) A specialized animal tissue with high lipid content, used for long-term storage of energy: fat tissue. 
n	Such tissue as food: the fatty portion of (or trimmings from) meat cuts. 
n	(countable) A lipid that is solid at room temperature, which fat tissue contains and which is also found in the blood circulation; sometimes, a refined substance chemically resembling such naturally occurring lipids. 
n	That part of an organization deemed wasteful. 
n	(slang) An erection. 
n	(golf) A poorly played shot where the ball is struck by the top part of the club head. (see also thin, shank, toe) 
n	The best or richest productions; the best part. 
n	(dated, printing) Work containing much blank, or its equivalent, and therefore profitable to the compositor. 
n	(informal, derogatory) A fat person. 
n	A beef cattle fattened for sale. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To make fat; to fatten. 
v	(intransitive, archaic) To become fat; to fatten. 
v	(transitive, golf) To hit (a golf ball) with a fat shot. 
n	(obsolete) A large tub or vessel for water, wine, or other liquids; a cistern. 
n	(obsolete) A dry measure, generally equal to nine bushels. 
n	Any of a series of file systems that use one or more FATs. 
n	(genetics, biochemistry) Any of a series of genes and their equivalent proteins that are associated with cell proliferation. 
adj	Alternative form of phat [(slang, originally African-American Vernacular) Excellent; cool; very good.] 
n	(computing) Acronym of File Allocation Table or file allocation table. 
n	(countable, property law, England & Wales) Initialism of full agricultural tenancy. [(property law, England & Wales) An agricultural tenancy agreed before 1 September 1995, to which the Agricultural Holdings Act 1986 applies.] 
