n	(chiefly in the plural, also figuratively) A companion; a comrade. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) An animal which is a member of a breed or species, or a flock, herd, etc. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) An object which is associated with another object; especially, as part of a set. 
n	(chiefly in the negative) A person with abilities, achievements, skills, etc., equal to those of another person; a thing with characteristics, worth, etc., equal to those of another thing. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) One in the same condition, or situation of need, as another. 
n	(archaic, chiefly in the plural) 
n	Originally, one of a group of academics who make up a college or similar educational institution; now, a senior member of a college or similar educational institution involved in teaching, research, and management of the institution. 
n	An honorary title bestowed by a college or university upon a distinguished person (often an alumna or alumnus). 
n	A (senior) member of a learned or professional society. 
n	(chiefly Britain) A scholar appointed to a fellowship, that is, a paid academic position held for a certain period which usually requires the scholar to conduct research. 
n	(Canada, US) A physician undergoing a fellowship (supervised subspecialty medical training) after having completed a residency (specialty training program). 
n	(US) A member of a college or university who manages its business interests. 
n	(US) A senior researcher or technician in a corporation, especially one engaged in research and development. 
n	(informal) A male person; a bloke, a chap, a guy, a man; also, preceded by a modifying word, sometimes with a sense of mild reproach: used as a familiar term of address to a man. 
n	(rare) Usually qualified by an adjective or used in the plural: an individual or person regardless of gender. 
n	(by extension, often humorous or ironic) An animal or object. 
n	One of a pair of things suited to each other or used together; a counterpart, a mate. 
n	A colleague or partner. 
n	A close companion or friend; also, a companion or friend whom one eats or drinks with. 
n	Followed by of: one who participates in an activity; a participant. 
n	A man without good breeding or of lower social status; a common or ignoble man; also, used as a polite term of address to such a person. 
n	A person's servant or slave. 
n	(derogatory) A worthless person; a churl, a knave; also, used as a term of address to a person regarded as such. 
n	(UK, slang) Synonym of schoolmate (“a student at the same school”) 
n	(chiefly Southern US, derogatory) A black man. 
v	(archaic) To address (someone) as "fellow", especially in an insulting manner (see noun sense 10.6). 
v	(chiefly passive, poetic, archaic) To equal (someone or something); also, to cause or find someone or something to be equal to (some other person or thing). 
v	(obsolete) 
v	(intransitive, poetic, obsolete) Followed by with: to associate or join with a person or thing in companionship or a partnership. 
n	(Australian Aboriginal) Alternative form of fella (“used as a general intensifier”) [(informal) Used as a term of address for a male person.] 
