n	A land area free of woodland, cities, and towns; an area of open country. 
n	(usually in the plural) The open country near or belonging to a town or city. 
n	A wide, open space that is used to grow crops or to hold farm animals, usually enclosed by a fence, hedge or other barrier. 
n	(geology) A region containing a particular mineral. 
n	An airfield, airport or air base; especially, one with unpaved runways. 
n	A place where a battle is fought; a battlefield. 
n	An area reserved for playing a game or race with one’s physical force. 
n	A place where competitive matches are carried out with figures, or playing area in a board game or a computer game. 
n	A competitive situation, circumstances in which one faces conflicting moves of rivals. 
n	(metonymically) All of the competitors in any outdoor contest or trial, or all except the favourites in the betting. 
n	(physics) A physical phenomenon (such as force, potential or fluid velocity) that pervades a region; a mathematical model of such a phenomenon that associates each point and time with a scalar, vector or tensor quantity. 
n	Any of certain structures serving cognition. 
n	A physical or virtual location for the input of information in the form of symbols. 
n	(electronics, film, animation) Part (usually one half) of a frame in an interlaced signal 
v	(transitive, sports) To intercept or catch (a ball) and play it. 
v	(intransitive, baseball, softball, cricket, and other batting sports) To be the team catching and throwing the ball, as opposed to hitting it. 
v	(transitive, sports) To place (a team, its players, etc.) in a game. 
v	(transitive) To answer; to address. 
v	(transitive) To defeat. 
v	(transitive) To execute research (in the field). 
v	(transitive, military) To deploy in the field. 
n	A surname. 
n	An unincorporated community near Field Hill within Yoho National Park, British Columbia, Canada, named after Cyrus West Field. 
n	A community in West Nipissing, Northeastern Ontario, Canada. 
n	An unincorporated community in Bell County, Kentucky, United States. 
n	A neighbourhood of Nokomis, Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. 
n	A locality in south-east South Australia. 
n	A hamlet in Leigh parish, East Staffordshire district, Staffordshire, England (OS grid ref SK0233). 
