adj	Of superior quality. 
adj	(ironic) Impressively bad, inappropriate, or unsatisfactory. 
adj	(informal) Being acceptable, adequate, passable, or satisfactory. 
adj	(informal) Good-looking, attractive. 
adj	Subtle, delicately balanced or discriminated. 
adj	(obsolete) Showy; overdecorated. 
adj	Delicate; subtle; exquisite; artful; dexterous. 
adj	An answer often used to cover an unnecessary explanation, rather to avoid conflict or an argument. Saying "I'm fine" can be used to avoid inquiry when the speaker is not really okay. 
adj	Of a particular grade of quality, usually between very good and very fine, and below mint. 
adj	(of weather) Sunny and not raining. 
adj	Consisting of especially minute particulates; made up of particularly small pieces. 
adj	Particularly slender; especially thin, narrow, or of small girth. 
adj	Made of slender or thin filaments. 
adj	Having a (specified) proportion of pure metal in its composition. 
adj	(cricket) Behind the batsman and at a small angle to the line between the wickets. 
adj	(obsolete) Subtle; thin; tenuous. 
adv	Expression of (typically) reluctant or agreement. 
adv	Well, nicely, in a positive, agreeable way. 
adv	(dated, dialect, colloquial) Finely; elegantly; delicately. 
adv	(pool, billiards) In a manner so that the driven ball strikes the object ball so far to one side as to be barely deflected, the object ball being driven to one side. 
n	Fine champagne; French brandy. 
n	(usually in the plural) Something that is fine; fine particles. 
v	(transitive) To make finer, purer, or cleaner; to purify or clarify. 
v	(intransitive) To become finer, purer, or cleaner. 
v	To make finer, or less coarse, as in bulk, texture, etc. 
v	To change by fine gradations. 
v	(transitive) To clarify (wine and beer) by filtration. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To become gradually fine; to diminish; to dwindle (with away, down, or off). 
n	A fee levied as punishment for breaking the law. 
n	(Cambridge University slang) A drink that must be taken during a meal or as part of a drinking game, following an announcement that anyone who has done some (usually outrageous) deed is to be fined; similar to I have never; commonly associated with swaps; very similar to a sconce at Oxford University, though a fine is the penalty itself rather than the act of issuing it. 
v	(transitive) To issue a fine as punishment to (someone). 
v	(intransitive) To pay a fine. 
n	(music) The end of a musical composition. 
n	(music) The location in a musical score that indicates the end of the piece, particularly when the piece ends somewhere in the middle of the score due to a section of the music being repeated. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To finish; to cease. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To cause to cease; to stop. 
n	(obsolete) End; conclusion; termination; extinction. 
n	(feudal law) A final agreement concerning lands or rents between persons, as the lord and his vassal. 
n	(UK, law) A sum of money or price paid for obtaining a benefit, favor, or privilege, as for admission to a copyhold, or for obtaining or renewing a lease. 
n	A surname. 
