n	(anatomy) A slender jointed extremity of the human hand, (often) exclusive of the thumb. 
n	The lower, smaller segment of an arthropod claw. 
n	One of the supporting structures of wings in birds, bats, etc. evolved from earlier toes or fingers. 
n	One of the slender bony structures before the pectoral fins of gurnards and sea robins (Triglidae). 
n	(cooking) Finger-shaped pieces of food. 
n	(chemistry) A tube extending from a sealed system, or sometimes into one in the case of a cold finger. 
n	(UK regional, botany, usually in the plural, obsolete) Synonym of foxglove (D. purpurea). 
n	(botany) Various protruding plant structures, as a banana from its hand. 
n	(anatomy, obsolete) A lobe of the liver. 
n	(historical) The teeth parallel to the blade of a scythe, fitted to a wooden frame called a crade. 
n	The projections of a reaper or mower which similarly separate the stalks for cutting. 
n	(aviation) Synonym of jet bridge: the narrow elevated walkway connecting a plane to an airport. 
n	(computing theory) A leaf in a finger tree data structure. 
n	(obsolete) Synonym of hand, the part of a clock pointing to the hour, minute, or second. 
n	(US, obsolete slang) A policeman or prison guard. 
n	(US, rare slang) An informer to the police, (especially) one who identifies a criminal during a lineup. 
n	(US, rare slang) A criminal who scouts for prospective victims and targets or who performs reconnaissance before a crime. 
n	(figuratively) That which points; an indicator, as of guilt, blame, or suspicion. 
n	(historical) Synonym of digit: former units of measure notionally based on its width but variously standardized, (especially) the English digit of ¹⁄₁₆ foot (about 1.9 cm). 
n	(historical) A unit of length notionally based on the length of an adult human's middle finger, standardized as 4½ inches (11.43 cm). 
n	(historical) Synonym of digit: ¹⁄₁₂ the observed diameter of the sun or moon, (especially) with regard to eclipses. 
n	(originally US) An informal measure of alcohol based on its height in a given glass compared to the width of the pourer's fingers while holding it. 
n	(fashion) A part of a glove intended to cover a finger. 
n	(informal, obsolete) Skill in the use of the fingers, as in playing upon a musical instrument. 
n	(informal, rare) Someone skilled in the use of their fingers, (especially) a pickpocket. 
n	(UK slang) A person. 
n	(especially in the phrase 'give someone the finger') An obscene or insulting gesture made by raising one's middle finger towards someone with the palm of one's hand facing inwards. 
n	(radio) Any of the individual receivers used in a rake receiver to decode signal components. 
n	(vulgar) The act of fingering, inserting a finger into someone's vagina or rectum for sexual pleasure. 
v	(transitive) To identify or point out. Also put the finger on. To report to or identify for the authorities, rat on, rat out, squeal on, tattle on, turn in. 
v	(transitive) To poke, probe, feel, or fondle with a finger or fingers. 
v	(transitive) To use the fingers to penetrate and sexually stimulate one's own or another person's vagina or anus; to fingerbang. 
v	(transitive, music) To use specified finger positions in producing notes on a musical instrument. 
v	(transitive, music) To provide instructions in written music as to which fingers are to be used to produce particular notes or passages. 
v	(transitive, computing) To query (a user's status) using the Finger protocol. 
v	(obsolete) To steal; to purloin. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To execute, as any delicate work. 
n	A surname. 
n	A city in Tennessee. 
n	(nautical) Clipping of finger pier: a shorter, narrower pier projecting from a larger dock. [A shorter, narrower pier projecting from a larger dock.] 
