n	(uncountable) A (usually self-sustaining) chemical reaction involving the bonding of oxygen with carbon or other fuel, with the production of heat and the presence of flame or smouldering. 
n	(countable) An instance of this chemical reaction, especially when intentionally created and maintained in a specific location to a useful end (such as a campfire or a hearth fire). 
n	(countable) The occurrence, often accidental, of fire in a certain place, causing damage and danger. 
n	(uncountable, alchemy, philosophy) The aforementioned chemical reaction of burning, considered one of the Classical elements or basic elements of alchemy. 
n	(countable, Britain) A heater or stove used in place of a real fire (such as an electric fire). 
n	(countable) The elements necessary to start a fire. 
n	(uncountable) The bullets or other projectiles fired from a gun or other ranged weapon. 
n	(countable) A planned bombardment by artillery or similar weapons, or the capability to deliver such. 
n	(astronautics) An instance of firing one or more rocket engines. 
n	Strength of passion, whether love or hate. 
n	Liveliness of imagination or fancy; intellectual and moral enthusiasm. 
n	Splendour; brilliancy; lustre; hence, a star. 
n	A severe trial; anything inflaming or provoking. 
n	Red coloration in a piece of opal. 
v	(transitive) To set (something, often a building) on fire. 
v	(transitive) To heat as with fire, but without setting on fire, as ceramic, metal objects, etc. 
v	(transitive) To drive away by setting a fire. 
v	(transitive) To terminate the employment contract of (an employee), especially for cause (such as misconduct or poor performance). 
v	(transitive, by extension) To terminate a contract with a client; to drop a client. 
v	(transitive) To shoot (a gun, rocket/missile, or analogous device). 
v	(intransitive) To shoot a gun, cannon, or similar weapon. 
v	(astronautics) To operate a rocket engine to produce thrust. 
v	(transitive, mining) To set off an explosive in a mine. 
v	(transitive, sports) To shoot; to attempt to score a goal. 
v	(intransitive, physiology) To cause an action potential in a cell. 
v	(transitive) To forcibly direct (something). 
v	(transitive, intransitive, computer sciences, software engineering) To initiate an event (by means of an event handler). 
v	(transitive) To inflame; to irritate, as the passions. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To be irritated or inflamed with passion. 
v	To animate; to give life or spirit to. 
v	To feed or serve the fire of. 
v	(transitive) To light up as if by fire; to illuminate. 
v	(transitive, farriery) To cauterize. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To catch fire; to be kindled. 
adj	(slang) Amazing; excellent. 
n	(finance) Acronym of financial independence and early retirement. 
n	(economics, business) Acronym of finance, insurance and real estate: a class of businesses. [The management of money and other assets.] 
