n	(countable) A cold-blooded vertebrate animal that lives in water, moving with the help of fins and breathing with gills. 
n	(archaic or loosely) Any animal (or any vertebrate) that lives exclusively in water. 
n	(Newfoundland) Cod; codfish. 
n	(uncountable) The flesh of the fish used as food. 
n	(uncountable) A card game in which the object is to obtain cards in pairs or sets of four (depending on the variation), by asking the other players for cards of a particular rank. 
n	(uncountable, derogatory, slang) A woman. 
n	(countable, slang) An easy victim for swindling. 
n	(countable, poker slang) A bad poker player. Compare shark (a good poker player). 
n	(countable, nautical) A makeshift overlapping longitudinal brace, originally shaped roughly like a fish, used to temporarily repair or extend a spar or mast of a ship. 
n	(nautical) A purchase used to fish the anchor. 
n	(countable, nautical, military, slang) A torpedo (self-propelled explosive device). 
n	Class Myxini, the hagfish (no vertebra) 
n	Class Petromyzontida, the lampreys (no jaw) 
n	Within infraphylum Gnathostomata (jawed vertebrates (also including Tetrapoda)) 
n	(cartomancy) The thirty-fourth Lenormand card. 
n	(prison slang) A new (usually vulnerable) prisoner. 
n	A period of time spent fishing. 
n	An instance of seeking something. 
v	(intransitive) To hunt fish or other aquatic animals in a body of water. 
v	(transitive) To search (a body of water) for something other than fish. 
v	(fishing, transitive) To use as bait when fishing. 
v	(intransitive) To (attempt to) find or get hold of an object by searching among other objects. 
v	(intransitive, followed by "for" or "around for") To talk to people in an attempt to get them to say something, or seek to obtain something by artifice. 
v	(intransitive, cricket) Of a batsman, to attempt to hit a ball outside off stump and miss it. 
v	(nautical, transitive) To repair (a spar or mast) by fastening a beam or other long object (often called a fish) over the damaged part (see Noun above). 
v	(nautical, transitive) To hoist the flukes of. 
n	(obsolete) A counter, used in various games. 
n	A surname. 
n	(genetics) Acronym of fluorescent in situ hybridization: a molecular cytogenetic technique used to identify whether a DNA sample has a specific sequence. 
