v	(transitive, obsolete) To pierce; now generally replaced by transfix. 
v	(transitive, by extension) (Of a piercing look) to direct at someone. 
v	(transitive, figuratively, usually in the passive) To focus or determine (oneself, on a concept); to fixate. 
v	(transitive, chess) To prevent enemy pawns from advancing by directly opposing the most advanced one with one of one's own pawns so as to threaten to capture any advancing backward pawns. 
v	(transitive) To mend, to repair. 
v	(transitive, informal) To prepare (food or drink). 
v	(transitive) To make (a contest, vote, or gamble) unfair; to privilege one contestant or a particular group of contestants, usually before the contest begins; to arrange immunity for defendants by tampering with the justice system via bribery or extortion. 
v	(transitive, US, informal) To surgically render an animal, especially a pet, infertile. 
v	(transitive, mathematics, semantics) To map a (point or subset) to itself. 
v	(transitive, informal) To take revenge on, to best; to serve justice on an assumed miscreant. 
v	(transitive) To render (a photographic impression) permanent by treating with such applications as will make it insensitive to the action of light. 
v	(transitive, chemistry, biology) To convert into a stable or available form. 
v	(intransitive) To become fixed; to settle or remain permanently; to cease from wandering; to rest. 
v	(intransitive) To become firm, so as to resist volatilization; to cease to flow or be fluid; to congeal; to become hard and malleable, as a metallic substance. 
n	A repair or corrective action. 
n	A difficult situation; a quandary or dilemma; a predicament. 
n	(informal) A single dose of an addictive drug administered to a drug user. 
n	A prearrangement of the outcome of a supposedly competitive process, such as a sporting event, a game, an election, a trial, or a bid. 
n	A determination of location. 
n	(US) fettlings (mixture used to line a furnace) 
n	A surname. 
n	Abbreviation of factor IX. (clotting factor IX) 
