n	A piece of cloth, often decorated with an emblem, used as a visual signal or symbol. 
n	An exact representation of a flag (for example: a digital one used in websites). 
n	(nautical) A flag flown by a ship to show the presence on board of the admiral; the admiral himself, or his flagship. 
n	(nautical, often used attributively) A signal flag. 
n	The use of a flag, especially to indicate the start of a race or other event. 
n	(computer science) A variable or memory location that stores a true-or-false, yes-or-no value, typically either recording the fact that a certain event has occurred or requesting that a certain optional action take place. 
n	(computer science) In a command line interface, a command parameter requesting optional behavior or otherwise modifying the action of the command being invoked. 
n	(aviation) A mechanical indicator that pops up to draw the pilot's attention to a problem or malfunction. 
n	(Britain, uncountable) The game of capture the flag. 
n	(geometry) A sequence of faces of a given polytope, one of each dimension up to that of the polytope (formally, though in practice not always explicitly, including the null face and the polytope itself), such that each face in the sequence is part of the next-higher dimension face. 
n	(mathematics, linear algebra) A sequence of subspaces of a vector space, beginning with the null space and ending with the vector space itself, such that each member of the sequence (until the last) is a proper subspace of the next. 
n	(television) A dark piece of material that can be mounted on a stand to block or shape the light. 
n	(UK, archaic, slang) An apron. 
n	(Internet slang, ACG) A plot or words of a character in an animation, etc., that would usually lead to a specific outcome or event, not logically or causally, but as a pattern of the animation, etc. 
v	To furnish or deck out with flags. 
v	To mark with a flag, especially to indicate the importance of something. 
v	(often with down) To signal to, especially to stop a passing vehicle etc. 
v	To convey (a message) by means of flag signals. 
v	(often with up) To note, mark or point out for attention. 
v	(computing) To signal (an event). 
v	(computing) To set a program variable to true. 
v	To decoy (game) by waving a flag, handkerchief, etc. to arouse the animal's curiosity. 
v	(sports) To penalize for an infraction. 
v	(chess, intransitive) To lose on time, especially in a blitz game; when using a traditional analog chess clock, a flag would fall when time expired. 
v	(chess, transitive) To defeat (an opponent) on time, especially in a blitz game. 
v	(firearms) To point the muzzle of a firearm at a person or object one does not intend to fire on. 
v	To fail, such as a class or an exam. 
v	(intransitive) To weaken, become feeble. 
v	To hang loose without stiffness; to bend down, as flexible bodies; to be loose, yielding, limp. 
v	To let droop; to suffer to fall, or let fall, into feebleness. 
v	To enervate; to exhaust the vigour or elasticity of. 
n	Any of various plants with sword-shaped leaves, especially irises; specifically, Iris pseudacorus. 
n	(obsolete except in dialects) A slice of turf; a sod. 
n	A slab of stone; a flagstone, a flat piece of stone used for paving. 
n	(geology) Any hard, evenly stratified sandstone, which splits into layers suitable for flagstones. 
v	(transitive) To pave with flagstones. 
n	A group of feathers on the lower part of the legs of certain hawks, owls, etc. 
n	A group of elongated wing feathers in certain hawks. 
n	The bushy tail of a dog such as a setter. 
n	(music) A hook attached to the stem of a written note that assigns its rhythmic value 
