n	The interior bottom or surface of a house or building; the supporting surface of a room. 
n	Ground (surface of the Earth, as opposed to the sky or water or underground). 
n	The lower inside surface of a hollow space. 
n	A structure formed of beams, girders, etc, with proper covering, which divides a building horizontally into storeys/stories. 
n	The supporting surface or platform of a structure such as a bridge. 
n	A storey/story of a building. 
n	In a parliament, the part of the house assigned to the members, as opposed to the viewing gallery. 
n	Hence, the right to speak at a given time during a debate or other public event. 
n	(nautical) That part of the bottom of a vessel on each side of the keelson which is most nearly horizontal. 
n	(mining) A horizontal, flat ore body; the rock underlying a stratified or nearly horizontal deposit. 
n	(mining) The bottom of a pit, pothole or mine. 
n	(mathematics) The largest integer less than or equal to a given number. 
n	(gymnastics) An event performed on a floor-like carpeted surface; floor exercise 
n	(gymnastics) A floor-like carpeted surface for performing gymnastic movements. 
n	(finance) A lower limit on the interest rate payable on an otherwise variable-rate loan, used by lenders to defend against falls in interest rates. Opposite of a cap. 
n	A dance floor. 
n	The trading floor of a stock exchange, pit; the area in which business is conducted at a convention or exhibition. 
n	The area of a casino where gambling occurs. 
n	The area of an establishment where food and drink are served to customers. 
v	(transitive) To cover or furnish with a floor. 
v	To strike down or lay level with the floor; to knock down. 
v	(informal, dated) To hang (a picture on exhibition) near the base of a wall, where it cannot easily be seen. 
v	(driving, transitive, slang) To push (a pedal) down to the floor, especially to accelerate. 
v	(informal, transitive) To silence by a conclusive answer or retort. 
v	(informal, transitive) To amaze or greatly surprise. 
v	(colloquial, transitive) To finish or make an end of. 
v	(mathematics) To set a lower bound. 
