n	(zoology) Any insect of the order Diptera; characterized by having two wings (except for some wingless species), also called true flies. 
n	(non-technical) Especially, any of the insects of the family Muscidae, such as the common housefly (other families of Diptera include mosquitoes and midges). 
n	Any similar, but unrelated insect, such as a dragonfly or butterfly. 
n	(fishing) A lightweight fishing lure resembling an insect. 
n	(weightlifting) A chest exercise performed by moving extended arms from the sides to in front of the chest. (also flye) 
n	(swimming) The butterfly stroke (plural is normally flys). 
n	(obsolete) A witch's familiar. 
n	(obsolete) A parasite. 
n	(preceded by definite article) A simple dance in which the hands are shaken in the air, popular in the 1960s. 
n	(finance) A butterfly (combination of four options). 
v	(intransitive) To travel through the air, another gas, or a vacuum, without being in contact with a grounded surface. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, archaic, poetic) To flee, to escape (from). 
v	(transitive, ergative) To cause to fly (travel or float in the air): to transport via air or the like. 
v	(intransitive) To travel or proceed very fast; to hasten. 
v	(intransitive) To move suddenly, or with violence; to do an act suddenly or swiftly. 
v	(intransitive) To proceed with great success. 
v	(intransitive, colloquial, of a proposal, project or idea) To be accepted, come about or work out. 
v	(transitive, ergative) To display (a flag) on a flagpole. 
v	(transitive) To hunt with a hawk. 
v	(intransitive, entomology, of a type of moth or butterfly) To be in the winged adult stage. 
n	(obsolete) The action of flying; flight. 
n	An act of flying. 
n	(baseball) A fly ball. 
n	A piece of canvas that covers the opening at the front of a tent. 
n	(India, obsolete) The sloping or roof part of the canvas of a tent. 
n	(often plural) A strip of material (sometimes hiding zippers or buttons) at the front of a pair of trousers, pants, underpants, bootees, etc. 
n	The free edge of a flag. 
n	The horizontal length of a flag. 
n	(weightlifting) An exercise that involves wide opening and closing of the arms perpendicular to the shoulders. 
n	The part of a vane pointing the direction from which the wind blows. 
n	(nautical) That part of a compass on which the points are marked; the compass card. 
n	Two or more vanes set on a revolving axis, to act as a fanner, or to equalize or impede the motion of machinery by the resistance of the air, as in the striking part of a clock. 
n	(historical) A type of small, light, fast horse-drawn carriage that can be hired for transportation (sometimes pluralised flys). 
n	In a knitting machine, the piece hinged to the needle, which holds the engaged loop in position while the needle is penetrating another loop; a latch.. 
n	The pair of arms revolving around the bobbin, in a spinning wheel or spinning frame, to twist the yarn. 
n	(weaving) A shuttle driven through the shed by a blow or jerk. 
n	(printing, historical) The person who took the printed sheets from the press. 
n	(printing, historical) A vibrating frame with fingers, attached to a power printing press for doing the same work. 
n	One of the upper screens of a stage in a theatre. 
n	(cotton manufacture) waste cotton 
v	(intransitive, baseball) To hit a fly ball; to hit a fly ball that is caught for an out. Compare ground (verb) and line (verb). 
adj	(slang, dated) Quick-witted, alert, mentally sharp. 
adj	(slang) Well dressed, smart in appearance; in style, cool. 
adj	(slang) Beautiful; displaying physical beauty. 
n	(rural, Scotland, Northern England) A wing. 
n	A surname. 
n	(American football) Short for fly route. [(American football) A pattern run by a receiver, straight upfield towards the end zone, with the aim of outrunning any defensive backs and getting behind them, catching an undefended pass while running untouched for a touchdown.] 
n	Short for flywheel. [(mechanical engineering) A rotating mass used to maintain the speed of a machine within certain limits while the machine receives or releases energy at a varying rate, or as a form of energy storage.] 
