n	A biological structure found in many animals that is used for locomotion and that is frequently a separate organ at the terminal part of the leg. 
n	(anatomy) Specifically, a human foot, which is found below the ankle and is used for standing and walking. 
n	(often used attributively) Travel by walking. 
n	The base or bottom of anything. 
n	The part of a flat surface on which the feet customarily rest. 
n	The end of a rectangular table opposite the head. 
n	A short foot-like projection on the bottom of an object to support it. 
n	A unit of measure equal to twelve inches or one third of a yard, equal to exactly 30.48 centimetres. 
n	(music) A unit of measure for organ pipes equal to the wavelength of two octaves above middle C, approximately 328 mm. 
n	(collective, military) Foot soldiers; infantry. 
n	(cigars) The end of a cigar which is lit, and usually cut before lighting. 
n	(sewing) The part of a sewing machine which presses downward on the fabric, and may also serve to move it forward. 
n	(printing) The bottommost part of a typed or printed page. 
n	(printing) The base of a piece of type, forming the sides of the groove. 
n	(prosody) The basic measure of rhythm in a poem. 
n	(phonology) The parsing of syllables into prosodic constituents, which are used to determine the placement of stress in languages along with the notions of constituent heads. 
n	(nautical) The bottom edge of a sail. 
n	(billiards) The end of a billiard or pool table behind the foot point where the balls are racked. 
n	(botany) In a bryophyte, that portion of a sporophyte which remains embedded within and attached to the parent gametophyte plant. 
n	(malacology) The muscular part of a bivalve mollusc or a gastropod by which it moves or holds its position on a surface. 
n	(molecular biology) The globular lower domain of a protein. 
n	(geometry) The point of intersection of one line with another that is perpendicular to it. 
n	Fundamental principle; basis; plan. 
n	Recognized condition; rank; footing. 
v	(transitive) To use the foot to kick (usually a ball). 
v	(transitive) To pay (a bill). 
v	To tread to measure of music; to dance; to trip; to skip. 
v	To walk. 
v	(now rare) To set foot on; to walk on. 
v	(obsolete) To set on foot; to establish; to land. 
v	To renew the foot of (a stocking, etc.). 
v	To sum up, as the numbers in a column; sometimes with up. 
n	A surname. 
