n	Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigour; might; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect. 
n	Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion. 
n	(countable) Anything that is able to make a substantial change in a person or thing. 
n	(countable, physics) A physical quantity that denotes ability to push, pull, twist or accelerate a body and which has a direction and is measured in a unit dimensioned in mass × distance/time² (ML/T²): SI: newton (N); CGS: dyne (dyn) 
n	Something or anything that has the power to produce a physical effect upon something else, such as causing it to move or change shape. 
n	(countable) A group that aims to attack, control, or constrain. 
n	(uncountable) The ability to attack, control, or constrain. 
n	(countable) A magic trick in which the outcome is known to the magician beforehand, especially one involving the apparent free choice of a card by another person. 
n	(law) Legal validity. 
n	(law) Either unlawful violence, as in a "forced entry", or lawful compulsion. 
n	(linguistics, semantics, pragmatics) Ability of an utterance or its element (word, form, prosody, ...) to effect a given meaning. 
n	(humorous or science fiction, with the, often capitalized) A metaphysical and ubiquitous power from the fictional Star Wars universe created by George Lucas. See usage note. 
n	(usually with "the", in the singular or plural) Synonym of police force 
v	(transitive) To violate (a woman); to rape. 
v	(obsolete, reflexive, intransitive) To exert oneself, to do one's utmost. 
v	(transitive) To compel (someone or something) to do something. 
v	(transitive) To constrain by force; to overcome the limitations or resistance of. 
v	(transitive) To drive (something) by force, to propel (generally + prepositional phrase or adverb). 
v	(transitive) To cause to occur (despite inertia, resistance etc.); to produce through force. 
v	(transitive) To forcibly open (a door, lock etc.). 
v	To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically, to capture by assault; to storm, as a fortress. 
v	(transitive, baseball) To create an out by touching a base in advance of a runner who has no base to return to while in possession of a ball which has already touched the ground. 
v	(whist) To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit that he/she does not hold. 
v	(archaic) To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce. 
v	(archaic) To provide with forces; to reinforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison. 
v	(obsolete) To allow the force of; to value; to care for. 
n	(countable, Northern England) A waterfall or cascade. 
v	To stuff; to lard; to farce. 
n	(Northern England) Falls. used in place names. 
n	A surname. 
