n	The shape or visible structure of a thing or person. 
n	A thing that gives shape to other things as in a mold. 
n	Regularity, beauty, or elegance. 
n	(philosophy) The inherent nature of an object; that which the mind itself contributes as the condition of knowing; that in which the essence of a thing consists. 
n	Characteristics not involving atomic components. 
n	(dated) A long bench with no back. 
n	(fine arts) The boundary line of a material object. In painting, more generally, the human body. 
n	(crystallography) The combination of planes included under a general crystallographic symbol. It is not necessarily a closed solid. 
n	An order of doing things, as in religious ritual. 
n	Established method of expression or practice; fixed way of proceeding; conventional or stated scheme; formula. 
n	Constitution; mode of construction, organization, etc.; system. 
n	Show without substance; empty, outside appearance; vain, trivial, or conventional ceremony; conventionality; formality. 
n	(archaic) A class or rank in society. 
n	(UK) A criminal record; loosely, past history (in a given area). 
n	Level of performance. 
n	(UK, education) A class or year of school pupils (often preceded by an ordinal number to specify the year, as in sixth form). 
n	A blank document or template to be filled in by the user. 
n	A specimen document to be copied or imitated. 
n	(grammar) A grouping of words which maintain grammatical context in different usages; the particular shape or structure of a word or part of speech. 
n	The den or home of a hare. 
n	(computing, programming) A window or dialogue box. 
n	(taxonomy) An infraspecific rank. 
n	(printing, dated) The type or other matter from which an impression is to be taken, arranged and secured in a chase. 
n	(geometry) A quantic. 
n	(sports, fitness) A specific way of performing a movement. 
v	(transitive) To assume (a certain shape or visible structure). 
v	(transitive) To give (a shape or visible structure) to a thing or person. 
v	(intransitive) To take shape. 
v	To put together or bring into being; assemble. 
v	(transitive, linguistics) To create (a word) by inflection or derivation. 
v	(transitive) To constitute, to compose, to make up. 
v	To mould or model by instruction or discipline. 
v	To provide (a hare) with a form. 
v	(electrical, historical, transitive) To treat (plates) to prepare them for introduction into a storage battery, causing one plate to be composed more or less of spongy lead, and the other of lead peroxide. This was formerly done by repeated slow alternations of the charging current, but later the plates or grids were coated or filled, one with a paste of red lead and the other with litharge, introduced into the cell, and formed by a direct charging current. 
n	Acronym of family, occupation, recreation, motivation: a set of potential topics of conversation for use by salespeople etc. [(countable) A group of people who are closely related to one another (by blood, marriage or adoption); kin; in particular, a set of parents and their children; an immediate family.] 
