adj	Not imprisoned or enslaved. 
adj	Unconstrained by timidity or distrust 
adj	Generous; liberal. 
adj	(obsolete) Clear of offence or crime; guiltless; innocent. 
adj	Without obligations. 
adj	Thrown open, or made accessible, to all; to be enjoyed without limitations; unrestricted; not obstructed, engrossed, or appropriated; open; said of a thing to be possessed or enjoyed. 
adj	Not arbitrary or despotic; assuring liberty; defending individual rights against encroachment by any person or class; instituted by a free people; said of a government, institutions, etc. 
adj	(software) With no or only freedom-preserving limitations on distribution or modification. 
adj	(software) Intended for release, as opposed to a checked version. 
adj	Obtainable without any payment. 
adj	(by extension, chiefly advertising slang) complimentary 
adj	(mathematics) Unconstrained by relators. 
adj	(mathematics, logic) Unconstrained by quantifiers. 
adj	(programming) Unconstrained of identifiers, not bound. 
adj	(linguistics) (of a morpheme) That can be used by itself, unattached to another morpheme. 
adj	Unobstructed, without blockages. 
adj	Unattached or uncombined. 
adj	Not currently in use; not taken; unoccupied. 
adj	(botany, mycology) Not attached; loose. 
adj	(military) Of a rocket or missile: not under the control of a guidance system after being launched. 
adj	Without; not containing (what is specified); exempt; clear; liberated. 
adj	(dated) Ready; eager; acting without spurring or whipping; spirited. 
adj	(dated) Invested with a particular freedom or franchise; enjoying certain immunities or privileges; admitted to special rights; followed by of. 
adj	(UK, law, obsolete) Certain or honourable; the opposite of base. 
adj	(law) Privileged or individual; the opposite of common. 
adv	Without needing to pay. 
adv	(obsolete) Freely; willingly. 
v	(transitive) To make free; set at liberty; release. 
v	(transitive) To rid of something that confines or oppresses. 
v	(transitive, programming) To relinquish (previously allocated memory) to the system. 
n	free transfer 
n	(hurling) The usual means of restarting play after a foul is committed, where the non-offending team restarts from where the foul was committed. 
n	(swimming) the freestyle stroke 
n	A surname. 
n	(Australian rules football, Gaelic football) Abbreviation of free kick. [(American football, soccer, Australian rules football, rugby, other ballgames) a kick in which a player may kick the ball without interference from the opposition. Such a kick may be awarded for a foul by the opposition, or earned by a player such as by taking a mark.] 
