n	The foremost side of something or the end that faces the direction it normally moves. 
n	The side of a building with the main entrance. 
n	A field of activity. 
n	A person or institution acting as the public face of some other, covert group. 
n	(meteorology) The interface or transition zone between two airmasses of different density, often resulting in precipitation. Since the temperature distribution is the most important regulator of atmospheric density, a front almost invariably separates airmasses of different temperature. 
n	(military) An area where armies are engaged in conflict, especially the line of contact. 
n	(military) The lateral space occupied by an element measured from the extremity of one flank to the extremity of the other flank. 
n	(military) The direction of the enemy. 
n	(military) When a combat situation does not exist or is not assumed, the direction toward which the command is faced. 
n	(historical) A major military subdivision of the Soviet Army. 
n	(dated) Cheek; boldness; impudence. 
n	(informal) An act, show, façade, persona: an intentional and false impression of oneself. 
n	(historical) That which covers the foremost part of the head: a front piece of false hair worn by women. 
n	The most conspicuous part. 
n	The beginning. 
n	(UK) A seafront or coastal promenade. 
n	(obsolete) The forehead or brow, the part of the face above the eyes; sometimes, also, the whole face. 
n	(slang, hotels, dated) The bellhop whose turn it is to answer a client's call, which is often the word "front" used as an exclamation. 
n	(slang, in the plural) A grill (jewellery worn on front teeth). 
adj	Located at or near the front. 
adj	(comparable, phonetics) Pronounced with the highest part of the body of the tongue toward the front of the mouth, near the hard palate (most often describing a vowel). 
adj	Closest or nearest, of a set of futures contracts which expire at particular times, or of the times they expire; (typically, the front month or front year is the next calender month or year after the current one). 
v	(intransitive, dated) To face (on, to); to be pointed in a given direction. 
v	(transitive) To face, be opposite to. 
v	(transitive) To face up to, to meet head-on, to confront. 
v	(transitive) To adorn with, at the front; to put on the front. 
v	(phonetics, transitive, intransitive) To pronounce with the tongue in a front position. 
v	(linguistics, transitive) To move (a word or clause) to the start of a sentence (or series of adjectives, etc). 
v	(intransitive, slang) To act as a front (for); to cover (for). 
v	(transitive) To lead or be the spokesperson of (a campaign, organisation etc.). 
v	(transitive, intransitive) Of an alter in dissociative identity disorder: to be the currently actively presenting member of (a system), in control of the patient's body. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To provide money or financial assistance in advance to. 
v	(intransitive, slang) To assume false or disingenuous appearances. 
v	(transitive, slang) To deceive or attempt to deceive someone with false or disingenuous appearances (on). 
v	(transitive) To appear before. 
