n	A playful activity that may be unstructured; an amusement or pastime. 
n	(countable) An activity described by a set of rules, especially for the purpose of entertainment, often competitive or having an explicit goal. 
n	(UK, in the plural) A school subject during which sports are practised. 
n	(countable) A particular instance of playing a game. 
n	That which is gained, such as the stake in a game. 
n	The number of points necessary to win a game. 
n	(card games) In some games, a point awarded to the player whose cards add up to the largest sum. 
n	(countable) The equipment that enables such activity, particularly as packaged under a title. 
n	One's manner, style, or performance in playing a game. 
n	(now rare) Lovemaking, flirtation. 
n	(slang) Prostitution. (Now chiefly in on the game.) 
n	(countable, informal, nearly always singular) A field of gainful activity, as an industry or profession. 
n	(countable, figuratively) Something that resembles a game with rules, despite not being designed. 
n	(countable, military) An exercise simulating warfare, whether computerized or involving human participants. 
n	(uncountable) wild animals hunted for food. 
n	(uncountable, informal, used mostly of males) The ability to seduce someone, usually by strategy. 
n	(uncountable, slang) Mastery; the ability to excel at something. 
n	(countable) A questionable or unethical practice in pursuit of a goal. 
adj	(colloquial) Willing to participate. 
adj	(of an animal) That shows a tendency to continue to fight against another animal, despite being wounded, often severely. 
adj	Persistent, especially in senses similar to the above. 
v	(intransitive) To gamble. 
v	(intransitive) To play card games, board games, or video games. 
v	(transitive) To exploit loopholes in a system or bureaucracy in a way which defeats or nullifies the spirit of the rules in effect, usually to obtain a result which otherwise would be unobtainable. 
v	(transitive, seduction community, slang, of males) To perform premeditated seduction strategy. 
adj	Injured, lame (of a limb). 
n	(countable) Ellipsis of video game. [A type of game, existing as and controlled by software, usually run by a video game console or a computer, played on a monitor or television screen, and controlled by a joypad, joystick, keyboard, mouse, or paddle.] 
