n	A doorlike structure outside a house. 
n	Doorway, opening, or passage in a fence or wall. 
n	Movable barrier. 
n	Passageway (as in an air terminal) where passengers can embark or disembark. 
n	A location which serves as a conduit for transport, migration, or trade. 
n	The amount of money made by selling tickets to a concert or a sports event. 
n	(computing) A logical pathway made up of switches which turn on or off. Examples are and, or, nand, etc. 
n	(electronics) The controlling terminal of a field effect transistor (FET). 
n	In a lock tumbler, the opening for the stump of the bolt to pass through or into. 
n	(metalworking) The channel or opening through which metal is poured into the mould; the ingate. 
n	The waste piece of metal cast in the opening; a sprue or sullage piece. Also written geat and git. 
n	(cricket) The gap between a batsman's bat and pad. 
n	(cinematography) A mechanism, in a film camera and projector, that holds each frame momentarily stationary behind the aperture. 
n	(flow cytometry) A line that separates particle type-clusters on two-dimensional dot plots. 
n	A tally mark consisting of four vertical bars crossed by a diagonal, representing a count of five. 
v	(transitive) To keep something inside by means of a closed gate. 
v	(transitive) To punish, especially a child or teenager, by not allowing them to go out. 
v	(transitive, biochemistry) To open a closed ion channel. 
v	(transitive) To furnish with a gate. 
v	(transitive) To turn (an image intensifier) on and off selectively as needed, or to avoid damage from excessive light exposure. See autogating. 
n	(now Scotland, Northern England) A way, path. 
n	(obsolete) A journey. 
n	(Scotland, Northern England) A street; now used especially as a combining form to make the name of a street e.g. "Briggate" (a common street name in the north of England meaning "Bridge Street") or Kirkgate meaning "Church Street". 
n	(Britain, Scotland, dialect, archaic) Manner; gait. 
n	A ghost town in Scott County, Arkansas, United States. 
n	A tiny town in Beaver County, Oklahoma, United States. 
n	An unincorporated community in Thurston County, Washington, United States. 
n	(education, initialism) gifted and talented education 
