n	An English surname transferred from the nickname, originally a nickname for a cheerful or lively person. 
n	A female given name from English from the word gay, "joyful"; rare today. 
n	A male given name from English. Also a shortened form of Gabriel, Gaylord and similar names, or transferred from the surname. 
adj	(of a person) Possessing sexual and/or romantic attraction towards people one perceives to be the same sex or gender as oneself. 
adj	(strictly) Describing a homosexual man. 
adj	(of an animal, by extension) Tending to partner or mate with other individuals of the same sex. 
adj	(of a romantic or sexual act or relationship) Between two or more persons perceived to be of the same sex or gender as each other. 
adj	(colloquial) Not heterosexual, or not cisgender: homosexual, bisexual, asexual, transgender, etc. 
adj	(of an institution or group) Intended for gay people, especially gay men. 
adj	(slang, with for) Homosexually in love with someone. 
adj	(slang, humorous, with for) Infatuated with something, aligning with homosexual stereotypes. 
adj	In accordance with stereotypes of homosexual people: 
adj	(slang, derogatory) Effeminate or flamboyant in behavior. 
adj	(slang, derogatory) Used to express dislike: lame, uncool, stupid. 
adj	(dated) Happy, joyful, and lively. 
adj	(dated) Quick, fast. 
adj	(dated) Festive, bright, or colourful. 
adj	(obsolete) Sexually promiscuous (of any gender), (sometimes particularly) engaged in prostitution. 
adj	(of a dog's tail) Upright or curved over the back. 
adj	(Scotland, Northern England, possibly obsolete) Considerable, great, large in number, size, or degree. 
n	(now chiefly in the plural) A homosexual, especially a male homosexual. 
n	(dialectal, obsolete) Something which is bright or colorful, such as a picture or a flower. 
n	(obsolete) An ornament, a knick-knack. 
v	(transitive, dated, uncommon) To make happy or cheerful. 
v	(transitive, uncommon) To cause (something, e.g. AIDS) to be associated with homosexual people. 
adv	(Scotland, Northern England) Considerably, very. 
n	The letter —, which stands for the sound /ɡ/, in Pitman shorthand. 
