v	(ditransitive) To obtain; to acquire. 
v	(transitive) To receive. 
v	(transitive, in a perfect construction, with present-tense meaning) To have. See usage notes. 
v	(transitive) To fetch, bring, take. 
v	(copulative) To become, or cause oneself to become. 
v	(transitive) To cause to become; to bring about. 
v	(transitive) To cause to do. 
v	(transitive) To cause to come or go or move. 
v	(intransitive, with various prepositions, such as into, over, or behind; for specific idiomatic senses see individual entries get into, get over, etc.) To adopt, assume, arrive at, or progress towards (a certain position, location, state). 
v	(transitive) To cover (a certain distance) while travelling. 
v	(intransitive) To begin (doing something or to do something). 
v	(transitive) To take or catch (a scheduled transportation service). 
v	(transitive) To respond to (a telephone call, a doorbell, etc). 
v	(intransitive, followed by infinitive) To be able, be permitted, or have the opportunity (to do something desirable or ironically implied to be desirable). 
v	(transitive, informal) To understand. (compare get it) 
v	(transitive, informal) To be told; be the recipient of (a question, comparison, opinion, etc.). 
v	(informal) To be. Used to form the passive of verbs. 
v	(transitive) To become ill with or catch (a disease). 
v	(transitive, informal) To catch out, trick successfully. 
v	(transitive, informal) To perplex, stump. 
v	(transitive) To find as an answer. 
v	(transitive, informal) To bring to reckoning; to catch (as a criminal); to effect retribution. 
v	(transitive) To hear completely; catch. 
v	(transitive) To getter. 
v	(now rare) To beget (of a father). 
v	(archaic) To learn; to commit to memory; to memorize; sometimes with out. 
v	(imperative, informal) Used with a personal pronoun to indicate that someone is being pretentious or grandiose. 
v	(intransitive, informal, chiefly imperative) To go, to leave; to scram. 
v	(euphemistic) To kill. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To make acquisitions; to gain; to profit. 
v	(transitive) To measure. 
n	(dated) Offspring. 
n	Lineage. 
n	(sports, tennis) A difficult return or block of a shot. 
n	(informal) Something gained; an acquisition. 
n	(Britain, regional) A git. 
n	(Judaism) A Jewish writ of divorce. 
n	A member of the Getae. 
