n	(uncommon or dated) The spirit; the human soul. 
n	The disembodied soul; the soul or spirit of a deceased person; a spirit appearing after death. 
n	Any faint shadowy semblance; an unsubstantial image. 
n	A false image formed in a telescope, camera, or other optical device by reflection from the surfaces of one or more lenses. 
n	An unwanted image similar to and overlapping or adjacent to the main one on a television screen, caused by the transmitted image being received both directly and via reflection. 
n	A ghostwriter. 
n	A nonexistent person invented to obtain some fraudulent benefit. 
n	A dead person whose identity is stolen by another. See ghosting. 
n	(Internet) An unresponsive user on IRC, resulting from the user's client disconnecting without notifying the server. 
n	(computing) An image of a file or hard disk. 
n	(theater) An understudy. 
n	(espionage) A covert (and deniable) agent. 
n	The faint image that remains after an attempt to remove graffiti. 
n	(video games) An opponent in a racing game that follows a previously recorded route, allowing players to compete against previous best times. 
n	Someone whose identity cannot be established because there are no records of him/her. 
n	(quantum mechanics) An unphysical state in a gauge theory. 
n	(attributive, linguistics, computing) A formerly nonexistent character that was at some point mistakenly encoded into a character set standard, which might have since become used opportunistically for some genuine purpose. 
n	(uncountable) A game in which players take turns to add a letter to a possible word, trying not to complete a word. 
n	(attributive, in names of species) White or pale. 
n	(attributive, in names of species) Transparent or translucent. 
n	(attributive) Abandoned. 
n	(attributive) Remnant; the remains of a(n). 
n	(attributive) Perceived or listed but not real. 
n	(attributive) Of cryptid, supernatural or extraterrestrial nature. 
n	(attributive) Substitute. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To haunt; to appear to in the form of an apparition. 
v	(obsolete) To die; to expire. 
v	(literary) To imbue with a ghost-like hue or effect. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To ghostwrite. 
v	(nautical) To sail seemingly without wind. 
v	(computing) To copy a file or hard drive image. 
v	(graphical user interface) To gray out (a visual item) to indicate that it is unavailable. 
v	(Internet, transitive) To forcibly disconnect an IRC user who is using one's reserved nickname. 
v	(intransitive) To appear or move without warning, quickly and quietly; to slip. 
v	(transitive) To transfer (a prisoner) to another prison without the prior knowledge of other inmates. 
v	(slang) To kill. 
v	(slang, social media) To perform an act of ghosting: to break up with someone without warning or explanation; to ignore someone, especially on social media. 
v	(film) To provide the speaking or singing voice for another actor, who is lip-syncing. 
n	(countable) Clipping of ghost pepper. [Synonym of bhut jolokia] 
