v	(intransitive) To move through space (especially to or through a place). (May be used of tangible things like people or cars, or intangible things like moods or information.) 
v	(intransitive) To move or travel through time (either literally—in a fictional or hypothetical situation in which time travel is possible—or in one's mind or knowledge of the historical record). (See also go back.) 
v	(intransitive) To navigate (to a file or folder on a computer, a site on the internet, a memory, etc). 
v	To move (a particular distance, or in a particular fashion). 
v	(intransitive) To move or travel in order to do something, or to do something while moving. 
v	(intransitive) To leave; to move away. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To walk; to travel on one's feet. 
v	(intransitive, chiefly of a machine) To work or function (properly); to move or perform (as required). 
v	(intransitive) To start; to begin (an action or process). 
v	(intransitive) To take a turn, especially in a game. 
v	(intransitive) To attend. 
v	(intransitive) To proceed (often in a specified manner, indicating the perceived quality of an event or state). 
v	(intransitive, colloquial, with another verb, sometimes linked by and) To proceed (especially to do something foolish). 
v	To follow or proceed according to (a course or path). 
v	To travel or pass along. 
v	(intransitive) To extend (from one point in time or space to another). 
v	(intransitive) To lead (to a place); to give access to. 
v	(copulative) To become. (The adjective that follows usually describes a negative state.) 
v	To assume the obligation or function of; to be, to serve as. 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To continuously or habitually be in a state. 
v	(copulative) To come to (a certain condition or state). 
v	(intransitive) To change (from one value to another) in the meaning of wend. 
v	To turn out, to result; to come to (a certain result). 
v	(intransitive) To tend (toward a result). 
v	To contribute to a (specified) end product or result. 
v	(intransitive, of time) To elapse, to pass; to slip away. (Compare go by.) 
v	(intransitive) To end or disappear. (Compare go away.) 
v	(intransitive) To be spent or used up. 
v	(intransitive) To die. 
v	(intransitive, cricket, of a wicket) To be lost. 
v	(intransitive, cricket, of a batsman) To be out. 
v	(intransitive) To collapse or give way, to break apart. 
v	(intransitive) To break down or decay. 
v	(intransitive) To be sold. 
v	(intransitive) To be discarded or disposed of. 
v	(intransitive) To be given, especially to be assigned or allotted. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To survive or get by; to last or persist for a stated length of time. 
v	(transitive, sports) To have a certain record. 
v	(intransitive) To have (final) authority; to be authoritative. 
v	(intransitive) To be accepted. 
v	(intransitive) To be valid. 
v	(transitive, slang) To say (something, aloud or to oneself). (Often used in present tense.) 
v	(transitive) To make the (specified) sound. 
v	(intransitive) To sound; to make a noise. 
v	To be expressed or composed (a certain way). 
v	(intransitive) To resort (to). 
v	To apply oneself; to undertake; to have as one's goal or intention. (Compare be going to.) 
v	(intransitive) To make an effort, to subject oneself (to something). 
v	(intransitive) To work (through or over), especially mentally. 
v	(intransitive, often followed by a preposition) To fit. 
v	(intransitive) To be compatible, especially of colors or food and drink. 
v	(intransitive) To belong (somewhere). 
v	(intransitive) To date. 
v	(transitive) To (begin to) date or have sex with (a particular race). 
v	(intransitive) To fight or attack. 
v	(transitive, obsolete, US, slang) To fight. 
v	(transitive, Australian slang) To attack. 
v	To be in general; to be usually; often in comparison to others of the same group. 
v	(transitive) To take (a particular part or share); to participate in to the extent of. 
v	(transitive) To yield or weigh. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To offer, bid or bet an amount; to pay. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To enjoy. (Compare go for.) 
v	(intransitive, colloquial) To urinate or defecate. 
v	(imperative) Expressing encouragement or approval. 
n	(uncommon) The act of going. 
n	A turn at something, or in something (e.g. a game). 
n	An attempt, a try. 
n	An approval or permission to do something, or that which has been approved. 
n	An act; the working or operation. 
n	(slang, dated) A circumstance or occurrence; an incident, often unexpected. 
n	(dated) The fashion or mode. 
n	(dated) Noisy merriment. 
n	(slang, archaic) A glass of spirits; a quantity of spirits. 
n	(uncountable) Power of going or doing; energy; vitality; perseverance. 
n	(cribbage) The situation where a player cannot play a card which will not carry the aggregate count above thirty-one. 
n	A period of activity. 
n	(obsolete, British slang) A dandy; a fashionable person. 
adj	(postpositive, chiefly military and space flight) Working correctly and ready to commence operation; approved and able to be put into action. 
n	(board games) A strategic board game, originally from China, in which two players (black and white) attempt to control the largest area of the board with their counters. 
n	An ancient Chinese board game, today also popular in Japan and Korea, played with 181 black stones and 180 white ones, typically on a board of 19 × 19 places for stones. 
n	(computer languages) A compiled, garbage-collected, concurrent programming language developed by Google. 
n	Abbreviation of Gorontalo, a province of Indonesia. [A province of Indonesia.] 
n	Abbreviation of Goiás, a state of Brazil. [A state of the Center-West Region, Brazil. Capital: Goiânia] 
n	Initialism of graphene oxide. 
