adj	Acting in the interest of what is beneficial, ethical, or moral. 
adj	Competent or talented. 
adj	Able to be depended on for the discharge of obligations incurred; of unimpaired credit; used with for. 
adj	Well-behaved (especially of children or animals). 
adj	(US) Satisfied or at ease 
adj	(colloquial, with with) Accepting of, OK with 
adj	(archaic) Of high rank or birth. 
adj	Useful for a particular purpose; functional. 
adj	Effective. 
adj	(obsolete) Real; actual; serious. 
adj	(of food) 
adj	Healthful. 
adj	Pleasant; enjoyable. 
adj	Favourable. 
adj	Unblemished; honourable. 
adj	Beneficial; worthwhile. 
adj	Adequate; sufficient; not fallacious. 
adj	(colloquial, when with and) Very, extremely. See good and. 
adj	(colloquial) Ready 
adj	Holy (especially when capitalized) . 
adj	Reasonable in amount. 
adj	Large in amount or size. 
adj	Full; entire; at least as much as. 
adv	(nonstandard) Well; satisfactorily or thoroughly. 
n	(uncountable) The forces or behaviours that are the enemy of evil. Usually consists of helping others and general benevolence. 
n	(countable) A result that is positive in the view of the speaker. 
n	(uncountable) The abstract instantiation of goodness; that which possesses desirable qualities, promotes success, welfare, or happiness, is serviceable, fit, excellent, kind, benevolent, etc. 
n	(countable, usually in the plural) An item of merchandise. 
v	(intransitive, now) To thrive; fatten; prosper; improve. 
v	(transitive) To make good; turn to good; improve. 
v	(intransitive) To make improvements or repairs. 
v	(intransitive) To benefit; gain. 
v	(transitive) To do good to (someone); benefit; cause to improve or gain. 
v	(transitive) To satisfy; indulge; gratify. 
v	(reflexive) To flatter; congratulate oneself; anticipate. 
v	(transitive, now chiefly dialectal, Scotland) To furnish with dung; manure; fatten with manure; fertilise. 
n	A surname. 
n	An unincorporated community in Hampshire County, West Virginia. 
n	(philosophy) Plato's metaprinciple of proper systemic function between principles; the fundamental Platonic form which enables knowledge and metacognition, and from which other concepts such as truth, justice and virtue derive meaning. 
