n	(uncountable) The harvested seeds of various grass food crops eg: wheat, corn, barley. 
n	(uncountable) Similar seeds from any food crop, e.g., buckwheat, amaranth, quinoa. 
n	(countable) A single seed of grass food crops. 
n	(countable, uncountable) The crops from which grain is harvested. 
n	(uncountable) A linear texture of a material or surface. 
n	(countable) A single particle of a substance. 
n	(countable) A very small unit of weight, in England equal to ¹⁄₄₈₀ of an ounce troy, 0.0648 grams or, to be more exact, 64.79891 milligrams (0.002285714 avoirdupois ounce). A carat grain or pearl grain is ¹⁄₄ carat or 50 milligrams. The old French grain was ¹⁄₉₂₁₆ livre or 53.11 milligrams, and in the mesures usuelles permitted from 1812 to 1839, with the livre redefined as 500 grams, it was 54.25 milligrams. 
n	(countable) A former unit of gold purity, also known as carat grain, equal to ¹⁄₄ "carat" (karat). 
n	(materials) A region within a material having a single crystal structure or direction. 
n	(astronautics) The solid piece of fuel in an individual solid-fuel rocket engine. 
n	A reddish dye made from the coccus insect, or kermes; hence, a red color of any tint or hue, as crimson, scarlet, etc.; sometimes used by the poets as equivalent to Tyrian purple. 
n	The hair side of a piece of leather, or the marking on that side. 
n	(in the plural) The remains of grain, etc., after brewing or distillation; hence, any residuum. Also called draff. 
n	(botany) A rounded prominence on the back of a sepal, as in the common dock. 
n	Temper; natural disposition; inclination. 
n	(photography, videography) Visual texture in processed photographic film due to the presence of small particles of a metallic silver, or dye clouds, developed from silver halide that have received enough photons. 
v	To feed grain to. 
v	(transitive) To make granular; to form into grains. 
v	(intransitive) To form grains, or to assume a granular form, as the result of crystallization; to granulate. 
v	To texture a surface in imitation of the grain of a substance such as wood. 
v	(tanning) To remove the hair or fat from a skin. 
v	(tanning) To soften leather. 
v	To yield fruit. 
n	A branch of a tree; a stalk or stem of a plant. 
n	One of the branches of a valley or river. 
n	An iron fish spear or harpoon, with a number of points half-barbed inwardly. 
n	A blade of a sword, knife, etc. 
n	(founding) A thin piece of metal, used in a mould to steady a core. 
n	A village on the Isle of Grain, Medway borough, Kent, England (OS grid ref TQ8876). 
n	A surname. 
