adj	Having green as its color. 
adj	(figuratively, of people) Sickly, unwell. 
adj	Unripe, said of certain fruits that change color when they ripen. 
adj	(figuratively) Inexperienced. 
adj	(figuratively) Full of life and vigour; fresh and vigorous; new; recent. 
adj	(figuratively, of people) Naive or unaware of obvious facts. 
adj	(figuratively, of people) Overcome with envy. 
adj	(figuratively) Environmentally friendly. 
adj	(cricket) Describing a pitch which, even if there is no visible grass, still contains a significant amount of moisture. 
adj	(dated) Of bacon or similar smallgoods: unprocessed, raw, unsmoked; not smoked or spiced. 
adj	(dated) Not fully roasted; half raw. 
adj	(film, television, historical) Of film: freshly processed by the laboratory and not yet fully physically hardened. 
adj	Of freshly cut wood or lumber that has not been dried: containing moisture and therefore relatively more flexible or springy. 
adj	(wine) High or too high in acidity. 
adj	(Philippines) Having a sexual connotation. 
adj	(particle physics) Having a color charge of green. 
adj	Being or relating to the green currencies of the European Union. 
n	The colour of growing foliage, as well as other plant cells containing chlorophyll; the colour between yellow and blue in the visible spectrum; one of the primary additive colour for transmitted light; the colour obtained by subtracting red and blue from white light using cyan and yellow filters. 
n	(politics, sometimes capitalised) A member of a green party; an environmentalist. 
n	(golf) A putting green, the part of a golf course near the hole. 
n	(bowls) The surface upon which bowls is played. 
n	(snooker) One of the colour balls used in snooker, with a value of 3 points. 
n	(Britain) a public patch of land in the middle of a settlement. 
n	A grassy plain; a piece of ground covered with verdant herbage. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) Fresh leaves or branches of trees or other plants; wreaths. 
n	Any substance or pigment of a green colour. 
n	A green light used as a signal. 
n	(uncountable, slang) Marijuana. 
n	(US, slang, uncountable) Money. 
n	(particle physics) One of the three color charges for quarks. 
v	(transitive) To make (something) green, to turn (something) green. 
v	To become or grow green in colour. 
v	(transitive) To add greenspaces to (a town, etc.). 
v	(intransitive) To become environmentally aware. 
v	(transitive) To make (something) environmentally friendly. 
n	A common English surname from Middle English. 
n	A minor city in Clay County, Kansas. 
n	An unincorporated community in Elliott County, Kentucky. 
n	A city in Summit County, Ohio, formerly a township. 
n	A census-designated place in Douglas County, Oregon. 
n	A number of townships in the United States, listed under Green Township. 
adj	(politics) Of, or pertaining, to a Green Party or green party. 
n	(politics) A member of a Green Party or green party. 
n	(theater, informal) Short for green room. [In a television studio, theatre or concert hall, the room where performers await their entrance.] 
n	(Oxford University, informal, historical) Ellipsis of Green College, Oxford.. 
