n	The surface of the Earth, as opposed to the sky or water or underground. 
n	(uncountable) Terrain. 
n	Soil, earth. 
n	(countable) The bottom of a body of water. 
n	Basis, foundation, groundwork, legwork. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) Reason, (epistemic) justification, cause. 
n	Background, context, framework, surroundings. 
n	(historical) The area on which a battle is fought, particularly as referring to the area occupied by one side or the other. Often, according to the eventualities, "to give ground" or "to gain ground". 
n	(figuratively, by extension) Advantage given or gained in any contest; e.g. in football, chess, debate or academic discourse. 
n	The plain surface upon which the figures of an artistic composition are set. 
n	(sculpture) A flat surface upon which figures are raised in relief. 
n	(point lace) The net of small meshes upon which the embroidered pattern is applied. 
n	(etching) A gummy substance spread over the surface of a metal to be etched, to prevent the acid from eating except where an opening is made by the needle. 
n	(architecture, chiefly in the plural) One of the pieces of wood, flush with the plastering, to which mouldings etc. are attached. 
n	(countable) A soccer stadium. 
n	(electricity, Canada and US) An electrical conductor connected to the earth, or a large conductor whose electrical potential is taken as zero (such as a steel chassis). 
n	(countable, cricket) The area of grass on which a match is played (a cricket field); the entire arena in which it is played; the part of the field behind a batsman's popping crease where he can not be run out (hence to make one's ground). 
n	(music) A composition in which the bass, consisting of a few bars of independent notes, is continually repeated to a varying melody. 
n	(music) The tune on which descants are raised; the plain song. 
n	The pit of a theatre. 
v	(US) To connect (an electrical conductor or device) to a ground. 
v	(transitive) To punish, especially a child or teenager, by forcing them to stay at home and/or give up certain privileges. 
v	(transitive) To forbid (an aircraft or pilot) to fly. 
v	To give a basic education in a particular subject; to instruct in elements or first principles. 
v	(baseball) To hit a ground ball. Compare fly (verb (regular)) and line (verb). 
v	To place something on the ground. 
v	(intransitive) To run aground; to strike the bottom and remain fixed. 
v	To found; to fix or set, as on a foundation, reason, or principle; to furnish a ground for; to fix firmly. 
v	(fine arts) To cover with a ground, as a copper plate for etching, or as paper or other materials with a uniform tint as a preparation for ornament. 
v	To improve or focus the mental or emotional state of. 
adj	Crushed, or reduced to small particles. 
adj	Processed by grinding. 
