n	The part of the forelimb below the forearm or wrist in a human, and the corresponding part in many other animals. 
n	A limb of certain animals, such as the foot of a hawk, or any one of the four extremities of a monkey. 
n	An index or pointer on a dial; such as the hour and minute hands on the face of an analog clock, which are used to indicate the time of day. 
n	(card games) The set of cards held by a player. 
n	(tobacco manufacturing) A bundle of tobacco leaves tied together. 
n	(collective) A bunch of bananas. 
n	That which has the appearance of, a human hand. 
n	A bunch of bananas, a typical retail amount, where individual fruits are fingers. 
n	(chiefly in measuring the height of horses) Four inches, a hand's breadth. 
n	(obsolete) Three inches. 
n	A side; part, camp; direction, either right or left. 
n	Power of performance; means of execution; ability; skill; dexterity. 
n	(especially in compounds) An agent; a servant, or manual laborer; a workman, trained or competent for special service or duty. 
n	A performer more or less skilful. 
n	An instance of helping. 
n	Handwriting; style of penmanship. 
n	A person's autograph or signature. 
n	Promise, word. 
n	Personal possession; ownership. 
n	(usually in the plural, hands) Management, domain, control. 
n	Applause. 
n	(historical) A Native American gambling game, involving guessing the whereabouts of bits of ivory or similar, which are passed rapidly from hand to hand. 
n	(firearms) The small part of a gunstock near the lock, which is grasped by the hand in taking aim. 
n	A whole rhizome of ginger. 
n	The feel of a fabric; the impression or quality of the fabric as judged qualitatively by the sense of touch. 
n	(archaic) Actual performance; deed; act; workmanship; agency; hence, manner of performance. 
n	(archaic) Agency in transmission from one person to another. 
n	(obsolete) Rate; price. 
v	(transitive) To give, pass or transmit with the hand, literally or figuratively. 
v	(transitive) To lead, guide, or assist with the hand; to conduct. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To manage. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To seize; to lay hands on. 
v	(transitive, rare) To pledge by the hand; to handfast. 
v	(transitive, nautical, said of a sail) To furl. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To cooperate. 
n	A surname. 
