v	(intransitive) To be or remain suspended. 
v	(intransitive) To float, as if suspended. 
v	(intransitive) To veer in one direction. 
v	(intransitive, of a ball in cricket, tennis, etc.) To rebound unexpectedly or unusually slowly, due to backward spin on the ball or imperfections of the ground. 
v	(transitive) To hold or bear in a suspended or inclined manner or position instead of erect. 
v	(transitive) To cause (something) to be suspended, as from a hook, hanger, hinges, or the like. 
v	(transitive, law) To kill (someone) by suspension from the neck, usually as a form of execution or suicide. 
v	(intransitive, law) To be executed by suspension by one's neck from a gallows, a tree, or other raised bar, attached by a rope tied into a noose. 
v	(transitive, informal) (used in maledictions) To damn. 
v	(intransitive, informal) To loiter; to hang around; to spend time idly. 
v	(transitive) To exhibit (an object) by hanging. 
v	(transitive) To apply (wallpaper or drywall to a wall). 
v	(transitive) To decorate (something) with hanging objects. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To remain persistently in one's thoughts. 
v	(transitive) To prevent from reaching a decision, especially by refusing to join in a verdict that must be unanimous. 
v	(intransitive, computing) To stop responding to manual input devices such as the keyboard and mouse. 
v	(transitive, computing) To cause (a program or computer) to stop responding. 
v	(transitive, chess) To cause (a piece) to become vulnerable to capture. 
v	(intransitive, chess) To be vulnerable to capture. 
v	(transitive, baseball, slang, of a pitcher) To throw a hittable off-speed pitch. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To attach or cause to stick (a charge or accusation, etc.). 
n	The way in which something hangs. 
n	A mass of hanging material. 
n	A slackening of motion. 
n	A sharp or steep declivity or slope. 
n	(computing) An instance of ceasing to respond to input. 
n	(informal, figuratively) A grip, understanding. 
n	The smallest amount of concern or consideration; a damn. 
n	A hangout. 
n	A person that someone hangs out with. 
n	(Ireland, informal, derogatory) Cheap processed ham (cured pork), often made specially for sandwiches. 
n	A musical instrument invented and built by PANArt Hangbau AG, somewhat resembling a steelpan. 
n	Alternative spelling of Hang (“musical instrument”) [A musical instrument invented and built by PANArt Hangbau AG, somewhat resembling a steelpan.] 
