v	(transitive) To possess, own. 
v	(transitive) To hold, as something at someone's disposal. 
v	(transitive) To include as a part, ingredient, or feature. 
v	(transitive) Used to state the existence or presence of someone in a specified relationship with the subject. 
v	(transitive) To consume or use up (a particular substance or resource, especially food or drink). 
v	(transitive) To undertake or perform (an action or activity). 
v	(transitive) To be scheduled to attend, undertake or participate in. 
v	To experience, go through, undergo. 
v	To be afflicted with, suffer from. 
v	(auxiliary verb, taking a past participle) Used in forming the perfect aspect. 
v	Used as an interrogative verb before a pronoun to form a tag question, echoing a previous use of 'have' as an auxiliary verb or, in certain cases, main verb. (For further discussion, see the appendix English tag questions.) 
v	(auxiliary verb, taking a to-infinitive) See have to. 
v	(transitive) To give birth to. 
v	(usually passive) To obtain. 
v	(transitive) To engage in sexual intercourse with. 
v	(transitive) To accept as a romantic partner. 
v	(transitive with bare infinitive) To cause to, by a command, request or invitation. 
v	(transitive with adjective or adjective-phrase complement) To cause to be. 
v	(transitive with bare infinitive) To be affected by an occurrence. (Used in supplying a topic that is not a verb argument.) 
v	(transitive with adjective or adjective-phrase complement) To depict as being. 
v	(Britain, slang) To defeat in a fight; take. 
v	(Britain, slang) To inflict punishment or retribution on. 
v	(dated outside Ireland) To be able to speak (a language). 
v	To feel or be (especially painfully) aware of. 
v	(informal, often passive) To trick, to deceive. 
v	(transitive, in the negative, often in continuous tenses) To allow; to tolerate. 
v	(transitive, often used in the negative) To believe, buy, be taken in by. 
v	(transitive) To host someone; to take in as a guest. 
v	(transitive) To get a reading, measurement, or result from an instrument or calculation. 
v	(transitive, of a jury) To consider a court proceeding that has been completed; to begin deliberations on a case. 
v	(transitive, birdwatching) To make an observation of (a bird species). 
n	(usually contrastive) A wealthy or privileged person. 
n	(uncommon) One who has some (contextually specified) thing. 
n	(Australia, New Zealand, informal) A fraud or deception; something misleading. 
