n	(people) To do with heads. 
n	(animals) To do with heads. 
n	The end of a table. 
n	(countable) The principal operative part of a machine or tool. 
n	(uncountable, countable) The foam that forms on top of beer or other carbonated beverages. 
n	(engineering) The end cap of a cylindrically-shaped pressure vessel. 
n	(geology) The uppermost part of a valley. 
n	(Britain, geology) Deposits near the top of a geological succession. 
n	(medicine) The end of an abscess where pus collects. 
n	(music) The headstock of a guitar. 
n	(nautical) A leading component. 
n	(Britain) A headland. 
n	The place of honour, or of command; the most important or foremost position; the front. 
n	(metonymically) Leader; chief; mastermind. 
n	(metonymically) A headmaster or headmistress. 
n	(music, slang, figuratively, metonymically) A person with an extensive knowledge of hip hop. 
n	A beginning or end, a protuberance. 
n	A component. 
n	Headway; progress. 
n	Topic; subject. 
n	(only in the singular) Denouement; crisis. 
n	(uncountable, countable) A buildup of fluid pressure, often quantified as pressure head. 
n	The difference in elevation between two points in a column of fluid, and the resulting pressure of the fluid at the lower point. 
n	More generally, energy in a mass of fluid divided by its weight. 
n	(slang, uncountable) Fellatio or cunnilingus; oral sex. 
n	(slang) The glans penis. 
n	(slang, countable) A heavy or habitual user of illicit drugs. 
n	(obsolete) Power; armed force. 
adj	Of, relating to, or intended for the head. 
v	(transitive) To be in command of. (See also head up.) 
v	(transitive) To come at the beginning or front of; to commence. 
v	(transitive) To strike with the head; as in soccer, to head the ball 
v	(intransitive) To move in a specified direction. 
v	(fishing) To remove the head from a fish. 
v	(intransitive) To originate; to spring; to have its course, as a river. 
v	(intransitive) To form a head. 
v	(transitive) To form a head to; to fit or furnish with a head. 
v	(transitive) To cut off the top of; to lop off. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To behead; to decapitate. 
v	To go in front of. 
v	To get in the front of, so as to hinder or stop; to oppose. 
v	(by extension) To check or restrain. 
v	To set on the head. 
adj	Foremost in rank or importance. 
adj	Placed at the top or the front. 
adj	Coming from in front. 
n	A surname from Middle English, from residence near a hilltop or the head of a river, or a byname for someone with an odd-looking head. 
n	(journalism) Short for headline. [(journalism) The heading or title of a magazine or newspaper article.] 
