adj	(of a physical object) Having great weight. 
adj	(of a topic) Serious, somber. 
adj	Not easy to bear; burdensome; oppressive. 
adj	(Britain, slang, dated) Good. 
adj	(dated, late 1960s, 1970s, US) Profound. 
adj	(of a rate of flow) High, great. 
adj	(slang) Armed. 
adj	(of music) Loud, distorted, or intense. 
adj	(of weather) Hot and humid. 
adj	(of a person) Doing the specified activity more intensely than most other people. 
adj	(of the eyes) With eyelids difficult to keep open due to tiredness. 
adj	(of food) High in fat or protein; difficult to digest. 
adj	Of great force, power, or intensity; deep or intense. 
adj	Laden to a great extent. 
adj	Laden with that which is weighty; encumbered; burdened; bowed down, either with an actual burden, or with grief, pain, disappointment, etc. 
adj	Slow; sluggish; inactive; or lifeless, dull, inanimate, stupid. 
adj	Impeding motion; cloggy; clayey. 
adj	Not raised or leavened. 
adj	(of wines or spirits) Having much body or strength. 
adj	(obsolete) With child; pregnant. 
adj	(physics) Containing one or more isotopes that are heavier than the normal one. 
adj	(petroleum) Having high viscosity. 
adj	(finance) Of a market: in which the price of shares is declining. 
adj	(nautical, military) Heavily-armed. 
adj	(aviation, of an aircraft) Having a relatively high takeoff weight and payload, 
adj	especially, having a maximum takeoff weight exceeding 300,000 tons, as almost all widebodies do, generating high wake turbulence. 
adv	In a heavy manner; weightily; heavily; gravely. 
adv	(colloquial, nonstandard) To a great degree; greatly. 
adv	(India, colloquial) very 
n	A villain or bad guy; the one responsible for evil or aggressive acts. 
n	(slang) A doorman, bouncer or bodyguard. 
n	(journalism, slang, chiefly in the plural) A newspaper of the quality press. 
n	(aviation) A relatively large multi-engined aircraft. 
v	(often with "up") To make heavier. 
v	To sadden. 
v	(Australia, New Zealand, informal) To use power or wealth to exert influence on, e.g., governments or corporations; to pressure. 
adj	Having the heaves. 
