n	(dated or poetic, now usually in the plural) The distant sky in which the sun, moon, and stars appear or move; the firmament; the celestial spheres. 
n	(obsolete) The near sky in which weather, flying animals, etc. appear; (obsolete) the atmosphere; the climate. 
n	(obsolete) A model displaying the movement of the celestial bodies, an orrery. 
n	(Christianity, usually capitalized) The abode of God and of the angels and saints in His presence. 
n	(religion, by extension, often capitalized) The abode of the Abrahamic God; similar abodes of the gods in other religions and traditions, such as Mount Olympus. 
n	(by extension, usually capitalized) Providence, the will of God or the council of the gods; fate. 
n	(Christianity, Islam) Paradise, the afterlife of the souls who are not sent to a place of punishment or purification such as hell, purgatory, or limbo; the state or condition of being in the presence of God after death. 
n	(religion, by extension, often capitalized) The afterlife of the blessed dead in other religions and traditions, such as the Pure Land or Elysium. 
n	(by extension) Any paradise; any blissful place or experience. 
n	(by extension) A state of bliss; a peaceful ecstasy. 
n	(informal, with a modifier) Similarly blissful afterlives, places, or states for particular people, animals, or objects. 
v	(obsolete) To transport to the abode of God, the gods, or the blessed. 
v	(obsolete) To beatify, enchant, or please greatly. 
v	(obsolete) To beautify, to make into a paradise. 
n	(religion) The abode of God or the gods, when considered as a specific location; the abode of the blessed departed who reside in the presence of God or the gods 
n	(religion) Providence, the will of God or the gods, when considered as a personal entity or specific aspect of the divine; Fate 
n	(uncommon) Other extended senses of heaven as a specific place similar to the abode of God, the gods, or the blessed departed 
n	(obsolete) The sky, particularly its distant aspect as the abode of the sun, moon, and stars 
n	(Chinese mythology, semantic translation of 天) The supreme God or Nature which controls the universe. 
n	(uncommon) A surname originating as a patronymic derived from Evan 
n	(rare) A female given name from English of modern usage from the noun heaven. 
