n	(anatomy) The rear part of the foot, where it joins the leg. 
n	The part of a shoe's sole which supports the foot's heel. 
n	The rear part of a sock or similar covering for the foot. 
n	The part of the palm of a hand closest to the wrist. 
n	(usually in the plural) A woman's high-heeled shoe. 
n	(firearms) The back, upper part of the stock. 
n	The last or lowest part of anything. 
n	(US, Ireland, Scotland, Australia) A crust end-piece of a loaf of bread. 
n	(US) The base of a bun sliced in half lengthwise. 
n	(informal) A contemptible, unscrupulous, inconsiderate or thoughtless person. 
n	(slang, professional wrestling) A headlining wrestler regarded as a "bad guy," whose ring persona embodies villainous or reprehensible traits and demonstrates characteristics of a braggart and a bully. 
n	(card games) The cards set aside for later use in a patience or solitaire game. 
n	Anything resembling a human heel in shape; a protuberance; a knob. 
n	(architecture) The lower end of a timber in a frame, as a post or rafter. 
n	(specifically, US) The obtuse angle of the lower end of a rafter set sloping. 
n	(architecture, obsolete) A cyma reversa. 
n	(carpentry) The short side of an angled cut. 
n	(golf) The part of a club head's face nearest the shaft. 
n	The lower end of the bit (cutting edge) of an axehead; as opposed to the toe (upper end). 
n	In a carding machine, the part of a flat nearest the cylinder. 
v	To follow at somebody's heels; to chase closely. 
v	To add a heel to, or increase the size of the heel of (a shoe or boot). 
v	To kick with the heel. 
v	(transitive) To perform by the use of the heels, as in dancing, running, etc. 
v	(transitive) To arm with a gaff, as a cock for fighting. 
v	(golf, transitive) To hit (the ball) with the heel of the club. 
v	(American football, transitive) To make (a fair catch) standing with one foot forward, the heel on the ground and the toe up. 
v	(chiefly nautical) To incline to one side; to tilt. 
n	(nautical) The act of inclining or canting from a vertical position; a cant. 
n	A part of Maasgouw in the Netherlands 
v	(rare, now especially in the phrase "heel in") Alternative form of hele (“cover; conceal”). [(rare, now chiefly dialectal or archaic) To hide, conceal, and keep secret, especially for a secret society (such as the masons).] 
