adj	Very elevated; extending or being far above a base; tall; lofty. 
adj	Relatively elevated; rising or raised above the average or normal level from which elevation is measured. 
adj	(baseball, of a ball) Above the batter's shoulders. 
adj	Pertaining to (or, especially of a language: spoken in) in an area which is at a greater elevation, for example more mountainous, than other regions. 
adj	Having a specified elevation or height; tall. 
adj	Most exalted; foremost. 
adj	Of great importance and consequence: grave (if negative) or solemn (if positive). 
adj	Consummate; advanced (e.g. in development) to the utmost extent or culmination, or possessing a quality in its supreme degree, at its zenith. 
adj	Advanced in complexity (and hence potentially abstract and/or difficult to comprehend). 
adj	(in several set phrases) Very traditionalist and conservative, especially in favoring older ways of doing things; see e.g. high church, High Tory. 
adj	Elevated in mood; marked by great merriment, excitement, etc. 
adj	(of a lifestyle) Luxurious; rich. 
adj	Lofty, often to the point of arrogant, haughty, boastful, proud. 
adj	(with "on" or "about") Keen, enthused. 
adj	(of a body of water) With tall waves. 
adj	Remote (to the north or south) from the equator; situated at (or constituting) a latitude which is expressed by a large number. 
adj	Large, great (in amount or quantity, value, force, energy, etc). 
adj	Having a large or comparatively larger concentration of (a substance, which is often but not always linked by "in" when predicative). 
adj	(acoustics) Acute or shrill in pitch, due to being of greater frequency, i.e. produced by more rapid vibrations (wave oscillations). 
adj	(phonetics) Made with some part of the tongue positioned high in the mouth, relatively close to the palate. 
adj	(poker) Having the highest rank in a straight, flush or straight flush. 
adj	(of a card or hand) Winning; able to take a trick, win a round, etc. 
adj	(of meat, especially venison) Strong-scented; slightly tainted/spoiled; beginning to decompose. 
adj	(informal) Intoxicated; under the influence of a mood-altering drug, formerly usually alcohol, but now (from the mid-20th century) usually not alcohol but rather marijuana, cocaine, heroin, etc. 
adj	(nautical, of a sailing ship) Near, in its direction of travel, to the (direction of the) wind. 
adj	(sports such as soccer) Positioned up the field, towards the opposing team's goal. 
adv	In or to an elevated position. 
adv	In or at a great value. 
adv	At a pitch of great frequency. 
n	A high point or position, literally (as, an elevated place; a superior region; a height; the sky; heaven).or figuratively (as, a point of success or achievement; a time when things are at their best, greatest, most numerous, maximum, etc). 
n	The maximum atmospheric temperature recorded at a particular location, especially during one 24-hour period. 
n	A period of euphoria, from excitement or from an intake of drugs. 
n	A drug that gives such a high. 
n	(meteorology, informal) A large area of elevated atmospheric pressure; an anticyclone. 
n	(card games) The highest card dealt or drawn. 
v	(obsolete) To rise. 
n	(obsolete) Thought; intention; determination; purpose. 
v	To hie; to hasten. 
n	A surname. 
