v	(transitive) To administer a blow to, directly or with a weapon or missile. 
v	(transitive) To come into contact with forcefully and suddenly. 
v	(intransitive) To strike against something. 
v	(transitive) To activate a button or key by pressing and releasing it. 
v	(transitive, slang) To kill a person, usually on the instructions of a third party. 
v	(transitive, military) To attack, especially amphibiously. 
v	(figuratively, transitive, intransitive) To affect someone, as if dealing a blow to that person. 
v	(transitive) To manage to touch (a target) in the right place. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To switch on. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To briefly visit. 
v	(transitive, informal) To encounter an obstacle or other difficulty. 
v	(transitive, informal) To reach or achieve. 
v	(intransitive) To meet or reach what was aimed at or desired; to succeed, often by luck. 
v	To guess; to light upon or discover. 
v	(transitive) To affect negatively. 
v	(figuratively) To attack. 
v	(transitive, card games) In blackjack, to deal a card to. 
v	(intransitive, baseball) To come up to bat. 
v	(backgammon) To take up, or replace by a piece belonging to the opposing player; said of a single unprotected piece on a point. 
v	(transitive, computing, programming) To use; to connect to. 
v	(transitive, US, slang) To have sex with. 
v	(transitive, US, slang) To inhale an amount of smoke from a narcotic substance, particularly marijuana. 
v	(transitive, bodybuilding) (of an exercise) to affect, to work a body part. 
v	(transitive, bodybuilding) to work out 
n	A blow; a punch; a striking against; the collision of one body against another; the stroke that touches anything. 
n	Something very successful, such as a song, film, or video game, that receives widespread recognition and acclaim. 
n	An attack on a location, person or people. 
n	A collision of a projectile with the target. 
n	In the game of Battleship, a correct guess at where one's opponent ship is. 
n	(computing, Internet) A match found by searching a computer system or search engine 
n	(Internet) A measured visit to a web site, a request for a single file from a web server. 
n	An approximately correct answer in a test set. 
n	(baseball) The complete play, when the batter reaches base without the benefit of a walk, error, or fielder’s choice. 
n	(colloquial) A dose of an illegal or addictive drug. 
n	A premeditated murder done for criminal or political purposes. 
n	(dated) A peculiarly apt expression or turn of thought; a phrase which hits the mark. 
n	(backgammon) A move that throws one of the opponent's men back to the entering point. 
n	(backgammon) A game won after the adversary has removed some of his men. It counts for less than a gammon. 
adj	Very successful. 
n	Acronym of high-intensity interval training. [(fitness) A fitness training regimen which generally involves short periods of vigorous exercise followed by short breaks.] 
n	Acronym of high-intensity training. 
n	Abbreviation of hyperspectral imaging technique. or Abbreviation of hyper-spectral imaging technique. 
n	Acronym of human intelligence task. 
n	Abbreviation of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia. 
n	Abbreviation of herd immunity threshold. 
