v	(transitive) To grasp or grip. 
v	(transitive) To contain or store. 
v	(transitive) To have and keep possession of something. 
v	(transitive) To reserve. 
v	(transitive) To cause to wait or delay. 
v	(transitive) To detain. 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To be or remain valid; to apply (usually in the third person). 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To keep oneself in a particular state. 
v	(transitive) To impose restraint upon; to limit in motion or action; to bind legally or morally; to confine; to restrain. 
v	(transitive) To bear, carry, or manage. 
v	(intransitive, chiefly imperative) Not to move; to halt; to stop. 
v	(intransitive) Not to give way; not to part or become separated; to remain unbroken or unsubdued. 
v	To remain continent; to control an excretory bodily function. 
v	(transitive) To maintain, to consider, to opine. 
v	(transitive) To bind (someone) to a consequence of his or her actions. 
v	To maintain in being or action; to carry on; to prosecute, as a course of conduct or an argument; to continue; to sustain. 
v	To accept, as an opinion; to be the adherent of, openly or privately; to persist in, as a purpose; to maintain; to sustain. 
v	(archaic) To restrain oneself; to refrain; to hold back. 
v	(tennis, transitive, intransitive) To win one's own service game. 
v	To take place, to occur. 
v	To organise an event or meeting (usually in passive voice). 
v	(archaic) To derive right or title. 
v	(imperative) In a food or drink order at an informal restaurant etc., requesting that a component normally included in that order be omitted. 
v	(slang, intransitive) To be in possession of illicit drugs for sale. 
n	A grasp or grip. 
n	An act or instance of holding. 
n	A place where animals are held for safety 
n	An order that something is to be reserved or delayed, limiting or preventing how it can be dealt with. 
n	Something reserved or kept. 
n	Power over someone or something. 
n	The ability to persist. 
n	The property of maintaining the shape of styled hair. 
n	(wrestling) A position or grip used to control the opponent. 
n	(exercise) An exercise involving holding a position for a set time 
n	(gambling) The percentage the house wins on a gamble, the house or bookmaker's hold. 
n	(gambling) The wager amount, the total hold. 
n	(tennis) An instance of holding one's service game, as opposed to being broken. 
n	The part of an object one is intended to grasp, or anything one can use for grasping with hands or feet. 
n	A fruit machine feature allowing one or more of the reels to remain fixed while the others spin. 
n	(video games, dated) A pause facility. 
n	The queueing system on telephones and similar communication systems which maintains a connection when all lines are busy. 
n	(baseball) A statistic awarded to a relief pitcher who is not still pitching at the end of the game and who records at least one out and maintains a lead for his team. 
n	(aviation) A region of airspace reserved for aircraft being kept in a holding pattern. 
n	(nautical, aviation) The cargo area of a ship or aircraft (often holds or cargo hold). 
adj	(obsolete) Gracious; friendly; faithful; true. 
