n	A hollow place or cavity; an excavation; a pit; a dent; a depression; a fissure. 
n	An opening that goes all the way through a solid body, a fabric, etc.; a perforation; a rent. 
n	(golf) A subsurface standard-size hole, also called cup, hitting the ball into which is the object of play. Each hole, of which there are usually eighteen as the standard on a full course, is located on a prepared surface, called the green, of a particular type grass. 
n	(golf) The part of a game in which a player attempts to hit the ball into one of the holes. 
n	(baseball) The rear portion of the defensive team between the shortstop and the third baseman. 
n	(chess) A square on the board, with some positional significance, that a player does not, and cannot in future, control with a friendly pawn. 
n	(stud poker) A card (also called a hole card) dealt face down thus unknown to all but its holder; the status in which such a card is. 
n	In the game of fives, part of the floor of the court between the step and the pepperbox. 
n	(archaeology, slang) An excavation pit or trench. 
n	(figuratively) A weakness; a flaw or ambiguity. 
n	(informal) A container or receptacle. 
n	(physics) In semiconductors, a lack of an electron in an occupied band behaving like a positively charged particle. 
n	(computing) A security vulnerability in software which can be taken advantage of by an exploit. 
n	(slang, anatomy) An orifice, in particular the anus. When used with shut it always refers to the mouth. 
n	(Ireland, Scotland, particularly in the phrase "get one's hole") Sex, or a sex partner. 
n	(informal, with "the") Solitary confinement, a high-security prison cell often used as punishment. 
n	(slang) An undesirable place to live or visit. 
n	(figuratively) Difficulty, in particular, debt. 
n	(graph theory) A chordless cycle in a graph. 
n	(slang, rail transport) A passing loop; a siding provided for trains traveling in opposite directions on a single-track line to pass each other. 
v	(transitive) To make holes in (an object or surface). 
v	(transitive, by extension) To destroy. 
v	(intransitive) To go into a hole. 
v	(transitive) To drive into a hole, as an animal, or a billiard ball or golf ball. 
v	(transitive) To cut, dig, or bore a hole or holes in. 
n	A surname. 
adj	Obsolete spelling of whole. [Entire, undivided.] 
