n	One’s own dwelling place; the house or structure in which one lives; especially the house in which one lives with one's family; the habitual abode of one’s family; also, one’s birthplace. 
n	The place where a person was raised; childhood or parental home; home of one’s parents or guardian. 
n	The abiding place of the affections, especially of the domestic affections. 
n	A house that has been made home-like, to suit the comfort of those who live there. 
n	A place of refuge, rest or care; an asylum. 
n	(by extension) The grave; the final rest; also, the native and eternal dwelling place of the soul. 
n	One’s native land; the place or country in which one dwells; the place where one’s ancestors dwell or dwelt. 
n	The locality where a thing is usually found, or was first found, or where it is naturally abundant; habitat; seat. 
n	(board games) The ultimate point aimed at in a progress; the goal. 
n	(baseball) Home plate. 
n	(lacrosse) The place of a player in front of an opponent’s goal; also, the player. 
n	(Internet) The landing page of a website; the site's homepage. 
n	(music, informal) The chord at which a melody starts and to which it can resolve. 
v	(of animals, transitive) To return to its owner. 
v	(always with "in on", transitive) To seek or aim for something. 
adj	Of, from, or pertaining to one’s dwelling or country; domestic; not foreign 
adj	(now rare, except in phrases) That strikes home; direct, pointed. 
adj	(obsolete) Personal, intimate. 
adj	(sports) Relating to the home team (the team at whose venue a game is played). 
adv	To one's place of residence or one's customary or official location 
adv	To one's place of birth 
adv	To the place where it belongs; to the end of a course; to the full length 
adv	(Internet) To the home page 
adv	At or in one's place of residence or one's customary or official location; at home 
adv	To a full and intimate degree; to the heart of the matter; fully, directly. 
adv	(UK, soccer) into the goal 
adv	(nautical) into the right, proper or stowed position 
n	(computing) A key that when pressed causes the cursor to go to the first character of the current line, or in a web browser to the top of the web page. 
n	A habitational surname from Old English. 
n	An unincorporated community in Franklin Township, Marshall County, Kansas. 
n	An unincorporated community in Rayne Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania. 
n	A census-designated place in Pierce County, Washington. 
n	An unincorporated community in Braxton County, West Virginia. 
n	(computing) Clipping of home directory. [(computing) A directory that contains a user's files.] 
