n	Any member of the species Equus ferus, including the Przewalski's horse and the extinct Equus ferus ferus. 
n	(zoology) Any current or extinct animal of the family Equidae, including zebras and asses. 
n	(military, sometimes uncountable) Cavalry soldiers (sometimes capitalized when referring to an official category). 
n	(chess, informal) The chess piece representing a knight, depicted as a horse. 
n	(slang) A large and sturdy person. 
n	(historical) A timber frame shaped like a horse, which soldiers were made to ride for punishment. 
n	In gymnastics, a piece of equipment with a body on two or four legs, approximately four feet high, sometimes (pommel horse) with two handles on top. 
n	A frame with legs, used to support something. 
n	A rope stretching along a yard, upon which men stand when reefing or furling the sails; footrope. 
n	A breastband for a leadsman. 
n	An iron bar for a sheet traveller to slide upon. 
n	A jackstay. 
n	(mining) A mass of earthy matter, or rock of the same character as the wall rock, occurring in the course of a vein, as of coal or ore; hence, to take horse (said of a vein) is to divide into branches for a distance. 
n	(slang) The sedative, antidepressant, and anxiolytic drug morphine, chiefly when used illicitly. 
n	(US) An informal variant of basketball in which players match shots made by their opponent(s), each miss adding a letter to the word "horse", with 5 misses spelling the whole word and eliminating a player, until only the winner is left. Also HORSE, H-O-R-S-E or H.O.R.S.E. (see H-O-R-S-E on Wikipedia.Wikipedia). 
n	(uncountable) The flesh of a horse as an item of cuisine. 
n	(prison slang) A prison guard who smuggles contraband in or out for prisoners. 
n	(dated, slang, among students) A translation or other illegitimate aid in study or examination. 
n	(dated, slang, among students) Horseplay; tomfoolery. 
v	(intransitive) To frolic, to act mischievously. (Usually followed by "around".) 
v	(transitive) To play mischievous pranks on. 
v	(transitive) To provide with a horse; supply horses for. 
v	(obsolete) To get on horseback. 
v	To sit astride of; to bestride. 
v	(of a male horse) To copulate with (a mare). 
v	To take or carry on the back. 
v	To place (someone) on the back of another person, or on a wooden horse, chair, etc., to be flogged or punished. 
v	(by extension) To flog. 
v	(transitive) To pull, haul, or move (something) with great effort, like a horse would. 
v	(informal) To cram (food) quickly, indiscriminately or in great volume. 
v	(transitive, dated) To urge at work tyrannically. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To charge for work before it is finished. 
n	(uncountable, slang) Heroin (drug). 
n	A poker variant consisting of five different poker variants, with the rules changing from one variant to the next after every hand. 
n	The seventh of the 12-year cycle of animals which appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar. 
n	Alternative spelling of horse (variant of basketball) [Any member of the species Equus ferus, including the Przewalski's horse and the extinct Equus ferus ferus.] 
