adj	(of an object) Having or giving off a high temperature. 
adj	(of a person or animal) Feeling the sensation of heat, especially to the point of discomfort. 
adj	Feverish. 
adj	(US, not comparable) Electrically charged. 
adj	(informal) Radioactive. 
adj	(of a temper) Easily provoked to anger. 
adj	(slang, of a person) Very physically and/or sexually attractive. 
adj	(slang) Sexual or sexy; involving sexual intercourse or sexual excitement. 
adj	(slang) Sexually aroused; randy. 
adj	(slang, with for) Extremely attracted to. 
adj	(informal) Very good, remarkable, exciting. 
adj	Popular; in demand. 
adj	Of great current interest; provoking current debate or controversy. 
adj	Performing strongly; having repeated successes. 
adj	Fresh; just released. 
adj	Uncomfortable, difficult to deal with; awkward, dangerous, unpleasant. 
adj	(slang) Characterized by police presence or activity. 
adj	Stolen. 
adj	(slang, of a draft/check) Not covered by funds on account. 
adj	Very close to finding or guessing something to be found or guessed. 
adj	(of food) Spicy, pungent, piquant, as some chilis and other spices are. 
adj	(of an electric musical instrument) Loud, producing a strong electric signal for the amplifier. 
adj	(slang) Used to emphasize the short duration or small quantity of something 
adj	(slang, of a vehicle or aircraft) Extremely fast or with great speed. 
adv	Hotly, at a high temperature. 
adv	Rapidly, quickly. 
adv	(especially in the phrase "come in hot", "go in hot") While shooting, while firing one's weapon(s). 
v	(with up) To heat; to make or become hot. 
v	(with up) To become lively or exciting. 
n	(electronics) Acronym of hybrid-orientation technology. (CMOS fabrication technology that uses PMOS and NMOS substrates with differing orientations) 
n	(electronics) Acronym of hybrid-orientation technique. (a technique that applies the technology) 
n	(automotive) Acronym of high-output turbo. (turbocharger) 
n	(traffic control) Acronym of high occupancy or toll lane. 
n	(video games) Initialism of health over time: a status effect that restores health points as time passes 
adj	(traffic control) Acronym of high occupancy or toll. 
