n	A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings. 
n	(Hong Kong, only used in names) An apartment building within a public housing estate. 
n	(uncountable) Size and quality of residential accommodations. 
n	A building intended to contain a single household, as opposed to an apartment or condominium or building containing these. 
n	The people who live in a house; a household. 
n	A place of business; a company or organisation, especially a printing press, a publishing company, or a couturier. 
n	A place of public accommodation or entertainment, especially a public house, an inn, a restaurant, a theatre, or a casino; or the management thereof. 
n	(historical) A workhouse. 
n	The audience for a live theatrical or similar performance. 
n	A theatre. 
n	(politics) A building where a deliberative assembly meets; whence the assembly itself, particularly a component of a legislature. 
n	A dynasty; a family with its ancestors and descendants, especially a royal or noble one. 
n	(figuratively) A place of rest or repose. 
n	A grouping of schoolchildren for the purposes of competition in sports and other activities. 
n	An animal's shelter or den, or the shell of an animal such as a snail, used for protection. 
n	(astrology) One of the twelve divisions of an astrological chart. 
n	(cartomancy) The fourth Lenormand card. 
n	(chess, now rare) A square on a chessboard, regarded as the proper place of a piece. 
n	(curling) The four concentric circles where points are scored on the ice. 
n	Lotto; bingo. 
n	(uncountable) A children's game in which the players pretend to be members of a household. 
n	(US, dialect) A small stand of trees in a swamp. 
n	(sudoku) A set of cells in a Sudoku puzzle which must contain each digit exactly once, such as a row, column, or 3×3 box in classic Sudoku. 
v	(transitive) To keep within a structure or container. 
v	(transitive) To admit to residence; to harbor. 
v	To take shelter or lodging; to abide; to lodge. 
v	(transitive, astrology) To dwell within one of the twelve astrological houses. 
v	(transitive) To contain or cover mechanical parts. 
v	(transitive) To contain one part of an object for the purpose of locating the whole. 
v	(obsolete) To drive to a shelter. 
v	(obsolete) To deposit and cover, as in the grave. 
v	(nautical) To stow in a safe place; to take down and make safe. 
v	(Canada, US, slang, transitive) To eat. 
n	(music) House music. 
n	More generally, a shortened name for any chamber of a legislature that is named "House of...", especially where the other chamber(s) are not so named, or where there is no other chamber (unicameral). 
n	A village in New Mexico. 
n	An unincorporated community in North Carolina. 
n	A topographic surname from Middle English for someone residing in a house (as opposed to a hut) or in a religious house. 
n	(Oxford University slang, dated) Christ Church, Oxford. 
n	(US politics, as "the House") Ellipsis of House of Representatives. [The lower house in the bicameral legislatures of several countries; also some singular legislative bodies in unicameral systems.] 
n	(politics, Westminsterian parliamentary systems) Ellipsis of House of Commons. [(UK politics) The lower house of the British Parliament; a session of the house.] 
n	(politics) Ellipsis of House of Parliament. [A legislative body in a government with a parliamentary system of government.] 
