n	(uncountable) Water in frozen (solid) form. 
n	(uncountable, physics, astronomy) Any frozen volatile chemical, such as ammonia or carbon dioxide. 
n	(uncountable, astronomy) Any volatile chemical, such as water, ammonia, or carbon dioxide, not necessarily in solid form, when discussing the composition of e.g. a planet as an ice giant vs a gas giant. 
n	(countable) A frozen dessert made of fruit juice, water and sugar. 
n	(UK, countable, dated) An ice cream. 
n	(uncountable) Any substance having the appearance of ice. 
n	(uncountable, slang) One or more diamonds and jewelry, especially blood diamonds. 
n	(uncountable, slang, drugs) Crystal form of amphetamine-based drugs. 
n	(uncountable, ice hockey) The area where a game of ice hockey is played. 
n	(uncountable, slang) Elephant or rhinoceros ivory that has been poached and sold on the black market. 
n	(uncountable, slang) An artifact that has been smuggled, especially one that is either clear or shiny. 
n	(slang) Money paid as a bribe. 
v	(transitive) To cool with ice, as a beverage. 
v	(intransitive) To become ice; to freeze. 
v	(transitive) To make icy; to freeze. 
v	(transitive, slang) To murder. 
v	(transitive) To cover with icing (frosting made of sugar and milk or white of egg); to frost; as cakes, tarts, etc. 
v	(ice hockey) To put out a team for a match. 
v	(ice hockey) To shoot the puck the length of the playing surface, causing a stoppage in play called icing. 
n	(computing) in-circuit emulator, in-circuit emulation 
v	(automotive, slang) To occupy a reserved electric car parking space (especially one equipped with a charger) with a traditional car equipped with an internal combustion engine. 
n	A surname. 
n	(sports) Abbreviation of Iceland. [A country in the North Atlantic Ocean.] 
n	Initialism of Institution of Civil Engineers. 
n	(government, US) Initialism of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (“law-enforcement agency responsible for immigration and customs matters of the United States Federal government”). 
n	(rail transport) Initialism of Intercity-Express (“German high speed train”). 
n	(automotive) Acronym of internal combustion engine, internal-combustion engine. [A piston or a rotary heat engine directly powered by the products of intermittent combustion of a fuel.] 
n	(computing) Initialism of internal compiler error. 
n	Initialism of In Case of Emergency (used in mobile phones followed by the number to call if the phone’s owner is injured) 
n	(automotive) Initialism of in-car entertainment. 
n	Initialism of International Cultural Exchange. 
n	(medicine) Initialism of ice, compress, elevation (first-aid) [(uncountable) Water in frozen (solid) form.] 
n	Initialism of intercontinental exchange. 
