v	(obsolete, transitive) To enclose. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To take in; to harvest. 
adv	At or towards the interior of a defined space, such as a building or room. 
adv	Towards the speaker or other reference point. 
adv	So as to be enclosed or surrounded by something. 
adv	After the beginning of something. 
adv	(in combination, after a verb) Denotes a gathering of people assembled for the stated activity, sometimes, though not always, suggesting a protest. 
n	A position of power or influence, or a way to get it. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) One who, or that which, is in; especially, one who is in office. 
n	(sports) The state of a batter/batsman who is currently batting; see innings. 
n	A re-entrant angle; a nook or corner. 
adj	(not comparable) Located indoors, especially at home or at one's office or place of work. 
adj	(not comparable) Located inside something. 
adj	(sports, of the ball or other playing implement) Falling or remaining within the bounds of the playing area. 
adj	Inserted or fitted into something. 
adj	Having been collected or received. 
adj	In fashion; popular. 
adj	Incoming. 
adj	(nautical, of the sails of a vessel) Furled or stowed. 
adj	Of the tide, at or near its highest level. 
adj	(law) With privilege or possession; used to denote a holding, possession, or seisin 
adj	(cricket) Currently batting. 
adj	Having familiarity or involvement with somebody. 
adj	(informal) Having a favourable position, such as a position of influence or expected gain, in relation to another person. 
adj	(of fire or fuel) (Britain, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand) Burning; ablaze. 
n	internegative; a type of film stock, most commonly used regarding 35mm motion picture negative 
n	Abbreviation of inch; inches. [A unit of length equal to one twelfth of a foot, or exactly 2.54 centimetres.] 
n	Abbreviation of Indiana, a state of the United States of America. [A state of the United States.] 
n	(biochemistry) Abbreviation of integrase. [(biochemistry) Any enzyme that integrates viral DNA into that of an infected cell] 
