n	(military, obsolete) A movement of soldiers towards an enemy, a sortie. 
n	(medicine) The outflow of a bodily fluid, particularly (now rare) in abnormal amounts. 
n	(medicine, now rare) The bodily fluid drained through a natural or artificial issue. 
n	(now usually historical or law) Offspring: one's natural child or children. 
n	(figuratively) Progeny: all one's lineal descendants. 
n	(figuratively, obsolete) A race of people considered as the descendants of some common ancestor. 
n	(now rare) The produce or income derived from farmland or rental properties. 
n	(historical or rare law) Income derived from fines levied by a court or law-enforcement officer; the fines themselves. 
n	(obsolete) The entrails of a slaughtered animal. 
n	(rare and obsolete) Any action or deed performed by a person. 
n	(obsolete) Luck considered as the favor or disfavor of nature, the gods, or God. 
n	(publishing) A single edition of a newspaper or other periodical publication. 
n	The entire set of some item printed and disseminated during a certain period, particularly (publishing) a single printing of a particular edition of a work when contrasted with other print runs. 
n	(figuratively, originally World War I military slang, usually with definite article) The entire set of something; all of something. 
n	(finance) Any financial instrument issued by a company. 
n	The loan of a book etc. from a library to a patron; all such loans by a given library during a given period. 
n	The means or opportunity by which something flows or comes out, particularly: 
n	(obsolete) A sewer. 
n	(obsolete) An exit from a room or building. 
n	(now rare) A confluence: the mouth of a river; the outlet of a lake or other body of water. 
n	(historical medicine) A small incision, tear, or artificial ulcer, used to drain fluid and usually held open with a pea or other small object. 
n	The production or distribution of something for general use. 
n	The distribution of something (particularly rations or standardized provisions) to someone or some group. 
n	(finance) The action or an instance of a company selling bonds, stock, or other securities. 
n	(law) A point of law or fact in dispute or question in a legal action presented for resolution by the court. 
n	(figuratively) Anything in dispute, an area of disagreement whose resolution is being debated or decided. 
n	(rare and obsolete) A dispute between two alternatives, a dilemma. 
n	(US, originally psychology, usually in the plural) A psychological or emotional difficulty, (now informal, figuratively and usually euphemistic) any problem or concern considered as a vague and intractable difficulty. 
n	(obsolete) The end of any action or process. 
n	(obsolete) The end of any period of time. 
n	(now rare) The result of a discussion or negotiation, an agreement. 
n	(obsolete) The result of an investigation or consideration, a conclusion. 
n	(figuratively, now rare) The action or an instance of feeling some emotion. 
n	(figuratively, now rare) The action or an instance of leaving any state or condition. 
v	To flow out, to proceed from, to come out or from. 
v	To rush out, to sally forth. 
v	To extend into, to open onto. 
v	To turn out in a certain way, to result in. 
v	(archaic) To end up as, to turn out being, to become as a result. 
v	(law) To come to a point in fact or law on which the parties join issue. 
v	To send out; to put into circulation. 
v	To deliver for use. 
v	To deliver by authority. 
n	A Monacan Indian; a member of a Mestee group originating in Amherst County, Virginia. 
