v	(intransitive) To propel oneself rapidly upward, downward and/or in any horizontal direction such that momentum causes the body to become airborne. 
v	(intransitive) To cause oneself to leave an elevated location and fall downward. 
v	(transitive) To pass by a spring or leap; to overleap. 
v	(intransitive) To employ a parachute to leave an aircraft or elevated location. 
v	(intransitive) To react to a sudden, often unexpected, stimulus (such as a sharp prick or a loud sound) by jerking the body violently. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To increase sharply, to rise, to shoot up. 
v	(intransitive) To employ a move in certain board games where one game piece is moved from one legal position to another passing over the position of another piece. 
v	(transitive) To move to a position (in a queue/line) that is further forward. 
v	(transitive) To attack suddenly and violently. 
v	(transitive, slang) To engage in sexual intercourse with (a person). 
v	(transitive) To cause to jump. 
v	(transitive) To move the distance between two opposing subjects. 
v	(transitive) To increase the height of a tower crane by inserting a section at the base of the tower and jacking up everything above it. 
v	(cycling, intransitive) To increase speed aggressively and without warning. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To expose to danger; to risk; to hazard. 
v	(transitive, smithwork) To join by a buttweld. 
v	To thicken or enlarge by endwise blows; to upset. 
v	(quarrying) To bore with a jumper. 
v	To jump-start a car or other vehicle with a dead battery, as with jumper cables. 
v	(obsolete) To coincide; to agree; to accord; to tally; followed by with. 
v	(intransitive, programming) To start executing code from a different location, rather than following the program counter. 
v	(intransitive, slang, archaic) To flee; to make one's escape. 
n	The act of jumping; a leap; a spring; a bound. 
n	An effort; an attempt; a venture. 
n	(mining) A dislocation in a stratum; a fault. 
n	(architecture) An abrupt interruption of level in a piece of brickwork or masonry. 
n	An instance of propelling oneself upwards. 
n	An object which causes one to jump; a ramp. 
n	An instance of causing oneself to fall from an elevated location. 
n	An instance of employing a parachute to leave an aircraft or elevated location. 
n	An instance of reacting to a sudden stimulus by jerking the body. 
n	A jumping move in a board game. 
n	A button (of a joypad, joystick or similar device) used to make a video game character jump (propel itself upwards). 
n	(sports, equestrianism) An obstacle that forms part of a showjumping course, and that the horse has to jump over cleanly. 
n	(with on) An early start or an advantage. 
n	(mathematics) A discontinuity in the graph of a function, where the function is continuous in a punctured interval of the discontinuity. 
n	(physics, hydrodynamics) An abrupt increase in the height of the surface of a flowing liquid at the location where the flow transitions from supercritical to subcritical, involving an abrupt reduction in flow speed and increase in turbulence. 
n	(science fiction) An instance of faster-than-light travel, not observable from ordinary space. 
n	(programming) A change of the path of execution to a different location. 
n	(theater) Synonym of one-night stand (“single evening's performance”) 
adv	(obsolete) Exactly; precisely 
adj	(obsolete) Exact; matched; fitting; precise. 
n	A kind of loose jacket for men. 
n	A surname. 
n	(US, informal, automotive) Short for jump-start. [The process or result of jump-starting a motor vehicle.] 
n	(film) Clipping of jump cut. [(film) A cinematographic edit in which a single continuous sequential shot of a subject is broken into two parts, with a piece of footage being removed in order to render the effect of jumping forward in time.] 
