n	An object designed to open and close a lock. 
n	An object designed to fit between two other objects (such as a shaft and a wheel) in a mechanism and maintain their relative orientation. 
n	A crucial step or requirement. 
n	A guide explaining the symbols or terminology of a map or chart; a legend. 
n	A guide to the correct answers of a worksheet or test. 
n	(computing) One of several small, usually square buttons on a typewriter or computer keyboard, mostly corresponding to text characters. 
n	In musical instruments, one of the valve levers used to select notes, such as a lever opening a hole on a woodwind. 
n	In instruments with a keyboard such as an organ or piano, one of the levers, or especially the exposed front end of it, which are depressed to cause a particular sound or note to be produced. 
n	The lowest note of a scale; keynote. 
n	In musical theory, the total melodic and harmonic relations, which exist between the tones of an ideal scale, major or minor; tonality. 
n	In musical theory and notation, the tonality centering in a given tone, or the several tones taken collectively, of a given scale, major or minor. 
n	In musical notation, a sign at the head of a staff indicating the musical key. 
n	(figuratively) The general pitch or tone of a sentence or utterance. 
n	(advertising) A modification of an advertisement so as to target a particular group or demographic. 
n	(botany) An indehiscent, one-seeded fruit furnished with a wing, such as the fruit of the ash and maple; a samara. 
n	(historical) A manual electrical switching device primarily used for the transmission of Morse code. 
n	(cryptography) A piece of information (e.g. a passphrase) used to encode or decode a message or messages. 
n	(Internet) A password restricting access to an IRC channel. 
n	(databases) In a relational database, a field used as an index into another table (not necessarily unique). 
n	(computing) A value that uniquely identifies an entry in a container. 
n	(basketball) The free-throw lane together with the circle surrounding the free-throw line, the free-throw lane having formerly been narrower, giving the area the shape of a skeleton key hole. 
n	(biology) A series of logically organized groups of discriminating information which aims to allow the user to correctly identify a taxon. 
n	(architecture) A piece of wood used as a wedge. 
n	(architecture) The last board of a floor when laid down. 
n	(masonry) A keystone. 
n	That part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place. 
n	(rail transport) A wooden support for a rail on the bullhead rail system. 
n	The degree of roughness, or retention ability of a surface to have applied a liquid such as paint, or glue. 
n	(cartomancy) The thirty-third card of the Lenormand deck. 
n	(print and film) The black ink layer, especially in relation to the three color layers of cyan, magenta, and yellow. See also CMYK. 
n	(computer graphics, television) A color to be masked or made transparent. 
adj	Indispensable, supremely important. 
adj	Important, salient. 
v	To fit (a lock) with a key. 
v	To fit (pieces of a mechanical assembly) with a key to maintain the orientation between them. 
v	To mark or indicate with a symbol indicating membership in a class. 
v	(telegraphy and radio telegraphy) To depress (a telegraph key). 
v	(radio) To operate (the transmitter switch of a two-way radio). 
v	(computing) (more usually to key in) To enter (information) by typing on a keyboard or keypad. 
v	(colloquial) To vandalize (a car, etc.) by scratching with an implement such as a key. 
v	To link (as one might do with a key or legend). 
v	(intransitive, biology, chiefly taxonomy) To be identified as a certain taxon when using a key. 
v	(advertising, transitive) To modify (an advertisement) so as to target a particular group or demographic. 
v	To attune to; to set at; to pitch. 
v	To fasten or secure firmly; to fasten or tighten with keys or wedges. 
v	To prepare for plastering by adding the key (that part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place). 
n	One of a string of small islands. 
n	A surname. 
n	Alternative form of quay. [(nautical) A stone or concrete structure on navigable water used for loading and unloading vessels; a wharf.] 
n	(slang) Clipping of kilogram (especially of a recreational drug) [In the International System of Units, the base unit of mass; conceived of as the mass of one litre of water, but now defined by taking the fixed numerical value of the Planck constant h to be 6.626 070 15 × 10⁻³⁴ when expressed in units of kg⋅m²⋅s⁻¹. Symbol: kg] 
