n	A male monarch; a man who heads a monarchy. If it is an absolute monarchy, then he is the supreme ruler of his nation. 
n	A powerful or majorly influential person. 
n	(countable or uncountable) Something that has a preeminent position. 
n	(chess) The principal chess piece, that players seek to threaten with unavoidable capture to result in a victory by checkmate. It is often the tallest piece, with a symbolic crown with a cross at the top. 
n	(card games) A playing card with the letter "K" and the image of a king on it, the thirteenth card in a given suit. 
n	A checker (a piece of checkers/draughts) that reached the farthest row forward, thus becoming crowned (either by turning it upside-down, or by stacking another checker on it) and gaining more freedom of movement. 
n	The central pin or skittle in bowling games. 
n	(UK, slang) A king skin. 
n	A male dragonfly; a drake. 
n	A king-sized bed. 
n	The monarch with the most power and authority in a monarchy, regardless of sex. 
n	(graph theory) A vertex in a directed graph which can reach every other vertex via a path with a length of at most 2. 
v	To crown king, to make (a person) king. 
v	To rule over as king. 
v	To perform the duties of a king. 
v	To assume or pretend preeminence (over); to lord it over. 
v	To promote a piece of draughts/checkers that has traversed the board to the opposite side, that piece subsequently being permitted to move backwards as well as forwards. 
v	To dress and perform as a drag king. 
n	The title of a king. 
n	An English and Scottish surname transferred from the nickname, originally a nickname for someone who either acted as if he were a king or had worked in the king's household. 
n	(UK, rail transport) King class, a class of steam locomotives once used on the GWR. 
n	An unincorporated community in Gibson County, Indiana. 
n	A city in Stokes County and Forsyth County, North Carolina. 
n	A neighbourhood in north-east Portland, Oregon. 
n	An unincorporated community in Clay County, West Virginia. 
n	An unincorporated community in Wetzel County, West Virginia. 
n	A town in Lincoln County, Wisconsin. 
n	A census-designated place in Farmington, Waupaca County, Wisconsin. 
n	A township in the Regional Municipality of York, Ontario, Canada. 
n	A village on New Ireland, Papua New Guinea. 
n	Alternative form of qing (Chinese musical instrument) [A sounding stone, a Chinese musical instrument.] 
