n	The loose part of a coat; the lower part of a garment that plays loosely; a skirt; an apron. 
n	An edge; a border; a hem, as of cloth. 
n	The part of the clothing that lies on the knees or thighs when one sits down; that part of the person thus covered. 
n	(figuratively) a place of rearing and fostering 
n	The upper legs of a seated person. 
n	(archaic, euphemistic) The female pudenda. 
n	(construction) A component that overlaps or covers any portion of itself or of an adjacent component. 
v	(transitive) To enfold; to hold as in one's lap; to cherish. 
v	(transitive) To rest or recline in a lap, or as in a lap. 
v	(transitive) To fold; to bend and lay over or on something. 
v	(transitive) to wrap around, enwrap, wrap up 
v	(transitive) to envelop, enfold 
v	(intransitive) to wind around 
v	(transitive) To place or lay (one thing) so as to overlap another. 
v	(transitive) To polish, e.g., a surface, until smooth. 
v	(intransitive) To be turned or folded; to lie partly on or over something; to overlap. 
v	(transitive, sports, motor racing) To overtake a straggler in a race by completing one more whole lap than the straggler. 
v	To cut or polish with a lap, as glass, gems, cutlery, etc. 
n	The act or process of lapping. 
n	That part of any substance or fixture which extends over, or lies upon, or by the side of, a part of another. 
n	The state or condition of being in part extended over or by the side of something else; or the extent of the overlapping. 
n	The amount by which a slide valve at its half stroke overlaps a port in the seat, being equal to the distance the valve must move from its mid stroke position in order to begin to open the port. Used alone, lap refers to outside lap (see below). 
n	(sports) One circuit around a race track. 
n	(swimming) The traversal of one length of the pool, or (less commonly) one length and back again. 
n	In card playing and other games, the points won in excess of the number necessary to complete a game;—so called when they are counted in the score of the following game. 
n	A sheet, layer, or bat, of cotton fiber prepared for the carding machine. 
n	A piece of brass, lead, or other soft metal, used to hold a cutting or polishing powder in cutting glass, gems, etc. or in polishing cutlery, etc. It is usually in the form of a wheel or disk that revolves on a vertical axis. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To take (liquid) into the mouth with the tongue; to lick up with a quick motion of the tongue. 
v	(intransitive, of water) To wash against a surface with a splashing sound; to swash. 
n	The taking of liquid into the mouth with the tongue. 
n	(obsolete, slang, uncountable) Liquor; alcoholic drink. 
n	(medicine, colloquial) Clipping of laparoscopy. [(medicine) Examination of the loins or abdomen, now specifically examination or surgery on the peritoneal cavity using a laparoscope.] 
adj	(medicine, colloquial) Clipping of laparoscopic. [Of, relating to, or using laparoscopy or a laparoscope.] 
