n	The body of such rules that pertain to a particular topic. 
n	Common law, as contrasted with equity. 
n	A binding regulation or custom established in a community in this way. 
n	Any rule that must or should be obeyed, concerning behaviours and their consequences. (Compare mores.) 
n	A rule or principle regarding the construction of language or art. 
n	A statement (in physics, etc) of an (observed, established) order or sequence or relationship of phenomena which is invariable under certain conditions. (Compare theory.) 
n	(mathematics, logic) A statement (of relation) that is true under specified conditions; a mathematical or logical rule. 
n	Any statement of the relation of acts and conditions to their consequences. 
n	(linguistics) A sound law; a regular change in the pronunciation of a language. 
n	(cricket) One of the official rules of cricket as codified by the its (former) governing body, the MCC. 
n	The control and order brought about by the observance of such rules. 
n	(informal) A person or group that act(s) with authority to uphold such rules and order (for example, one or more police officers). 
n	The profession that deals with such rules (as lawyers, judges, police officers, etc). 
n	Jurisprudence, the field of knowledge which encompasses these rules. 
n	Litigation; legal action (as a means of maintaining or restoring order, redressing wrongs, etc). 
n	(now uncommon) An allowance of distance or time (a head start) given to a weaker (human or animal) competitor in a race, to make the race more fair. 
n	(aviation) A mode of operation of the flight controls of a fly-by-wire aircraft. 
n	(fantasy) One of two metaphysical forces ruling the world in some fantasy settings, also called order, and opposed to chaos. 
n	(law, chiefly historical) An oath sworn before a court, especially disclaiming a debt. (Chiefly in the phrases "wager of law", "wage one's law", "perform one's law", "lose one's law".) 
v	(obsolete) To work as a lawyer; to practice law. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, chiefly dialectal) To prosecute or sue (someone), to litigate. 
v	(nonstandard) To rule over (with a certain effect) by law; to govern. 
v	(informal) To enforce the law. 
v	To subject to legal restrictions. 
n	(obsolete) A tumulus of stones. 
n	(Northern England, Scotland, archaic) A hill. 
n	(dialectal or obsolete) A score; share of expense; legal charge. 
n	A surname originating as a patronymic. 
n	A male given name Diminutive of Lawrence. 
n	A topographic surname from Old English, perhaps originally meaning someone who lives near a burial mound. 
n	(Scotland) a conical hill 
n	A village in South Lanarkshire council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NS8252). 
n	(Judaism) the five Books of Moses, particularly the commandments in it, as well as their specification in the Mishnah and their further interpretation in later religious literature 
n	(Christianity, biblical) the commandments in the Books of Moses, seen as transcended by Christ 
n	(Christianity, less often) the commandments and moral principles that are binding for Christians, such as the Decalogue, the teachings of the New Testament, the Church Fathers, etc. 
n	(military) Acronym of light anti-tank weapon. 
