v	(transitive) To place down in a position of rest, or in a horizontal position. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To cause to subside or abate. 
v	(transitive) To prepare (a plan, project etc.); to set out, establish (a law, principle). 
v	(transitive) To install certain building materials, laying one thing on top of another. 
v	(transitive) To produce and deposit an egg. 
v	(transitive) To bet (that something is or is not the case). 
v	(transitive) To deposit (a stake) as a wager; to stake; to risk. 
v	(transitive, slang) To have sex with. 
v	(nautical) To take a position; to come or go. 
v	(law) To state; to allege. 
v	(military) To point; to aim. 
v	(ropemaking) To put the strands of (a rope, a cable, etc.) in their proper places and twist or unite them. 
v	(printing) To place and arrange (pages) for a form upon the imposing stone. 
v	(printing) To place (new type) properly in the cases. 
v	To apply; to put. 
v	To impose (a burden, punishment, command, tax, etc.). 
v	To impute; to charge; to allege. 
v	To present or offer. 
v	(intransitive, proscribed, see usage notes) To lie: to rest in a horizontal position on a surface. 
n	Arrangement or relationship; layout. 
n	A share of the profits in a business. 
n	The direction a rope is twisted. 
n	(colloquial) A casual sexual partner. 
n	(colloquial) An act of sexual intercourse. 
n	(slang, archaic) A place or activity where someone spends a significant portion of their time. 
n	The laying of eggs. 
n	(obsolete) A layer. 
n	(obsolete) A basis or ground. 
n	A lake. 
adj	Not belonging to the clergy, but associated with them. 
adj	Non-professional; not being a member of an organized institution. 
adj	(card games) Not trumps. 
adj	(obsolete) Not educated or cultivated; ignorant. 
v	simple past tense of lie when pertaining to position. 
v	(proscribed) To be in a horizontal position; to lie (from confusion with lie). 
n	A ballad or sung poem; a short poem or narrative, usually intended to be sung. 
n	A lyrical, narrative poem written in octosyllabic couplets that often deals with tales of adventure and romance. 
n	(obsolete) A meadow; a lea. 
n	(obsolete) A law. 
n	(obsolete) An obligation; a vow. 
v	(Judaism, transitive) To don or put on (tefillin (phylacteries)). 
n	A river in western France. 
n	A surname. 
