n	One who goes first. 
n	One having authority to direct. 
n	One who leads a political party or group of elected party members; sometimes used in titles. 
n	A person or organization that leads in a certain field in terms of excellence, success, etc. 
n	(music) A performer who leads a band, choir, or a section of an orchestra. 
n	(music, UK) The first violin in a symphony orchestra; the concertmaster. 
n	The dominant animal in a pack of animals, such as wolves or lions. 
n	an animal placed in advance of others, especially on a team of horse, oxen, or dogs 
n	Either of the two front horses of a team of four in front of a carriage. 
n	(botany) A fast-growing terminal shoot of a woody plant. 
n	A pipe for conducting rain water from a roof to a cistern or to the ground. 
n	(UK, journalism) The first, or the principal, editorial article in a newspaper; a leading or main editorial article; a lead story. 
n	(fishing) A section of line between the main fishing line and the snell of a hook, intended to be more resistant to bites and harder for a fish to detect than the main fishing line. 
n	(film, printing) A piece of material at the beginning or end of a reel or roll to allow the material to be threaded or fed onto something, as a reel of film onto a projector or a roll of paper onto a rotary printing press. 
n	(cinematography, dated) An intertitle. 
n	(marketing) A loss leader or a popular product sold at a normal price. 
n	(printing) A type having a dot or short row of dots upon its face. 
n	(printing, in the plural) A row of dots, periods, or hyphens, used in tables of contents, etc., to lead the eye across a space to the right word or number. 
n	(fishing) A net for leading fish into a pound, weir, etc. 
n	(mining) A branch or small vein, not important in itself, but indicating the proximity of a better one. 
n	(nautical) A block of hard wood pierced with suitable holes for leading ropes in their proper places. 
n	(engineering) The drive wheel in any kind of machinery. 
n	(meteorology) The path taken by electrons from a cloud to ground level, determining the shape of a bolt of lightning. 
n	A surname originating as an occupation for a person who led a horse and cart. 
n	A river in north Canterbury, New Zealand, which joins the (Canterbury) Waiau. 
