n	A limb or appendage that an animal uses for support or locomotion on land. 
n	In humans, the lower limb extending from the groin to the ankle. 
n	(anatomy) The portion of the lower limb of a human that extends from the knee to the ankle. 
n	A part of garment, such as a pair of trousers/pants, that covers a leg. 
n	A rod-like protrusion from an inanimate object, such as a piece of furniture, supporting it from underneath. 
n	(figuratively) Something that supports. 
n	A stage of a journey, race etc. 
n	(nautical) A distance that a sailing vessel does without changing the sails from one side to the other. 
n	(nautical) One side of a multiple-sided (often triangular) course in a sailing race. 
n	(sports) A single game or match played in a tournament or other sporting contest. 
n	(geometry) One of the two sides of a right triangle that is not the hypotenuse. 
n	(geometry) One of the branches of a hyperbola or other curve which extend outward indefinitely. 
n	(usually in the plural) The ability of something to persist or succeed over a long period of time. 
n	(UK, slang, archaic) A disreputable sporting character; a blackleg. 
n	An extension of a steam boiler downward, in the form of a narrow space between vertical plates, sometimes nearly surrounding the furnace and ash pit, and serving to support the boiler; called also water leg. 
n	In a grain elevator, the case containing the lower part of the belt which carries the buckets. 
n	(cricket, attributive) Denotes the half of the field on the same side as the batsman's legs; the left side for a right-handed batsman. 
n	(telephony) A branch or lateral circuit connecting an instrument with the main line. 
n	(electrical) A branch circuit; one phase of a polyphase system. 
n	(finance) An underlying instrument of a derivatives strategy. 
n	(US, slang, military) An army soldier assigned to a paratrooper unit who has not yet been qualified as a paratrooper. 
n	(archaic) A gesture of submission; a bow or curtsey. Chiefly in phrase make a leg. 
n	(journalism) A column, as a unit of length of text as laid out. 
v	To remove the legs from an animal carcass. 
v	To build legs onto a platform or stage for support. 
v	To put a series of three or more options strikes into the stock market. 
v	To apply force using the leg (as in 'to leg a horse'). 
n	Alternative spelling of leg. 
adj	Alternative spelling of leg. 
