n	(uncountable) The state of organisms preceding their death, characterized by biological processes such as metabolism and reproduction and distinguishing them from inanimate objects; the state of being alive and living. 
n	(biology) The status possessed by any of a number of entities, including animals, plants, fungi, bacteria, and sometimes viruses, which have the properties of replication and metabolism. 
n	The animating principle or force that keeps an inorganic thing or concept metaphorically alive (dynamic, relevant, etc) and makes it a "living document", "living constitution", etc. 
n	Lifeforms, generally or collectively. 
n	(countable) A living individual; the fact of a particular individual being alive. (Chiefly when indicating individuals were lost (died) or saved.) 
n	A worthwhile existence. 
n	A particular aspect of existence. 
n	(informal) Social life. 
n	Something which is inherently part of a person's existence, such as job, family, a loved one, etc. 
n	The period during which one (a person, an animal, a plant; a civilization, species; a star; etc) is alive. 
n	The span of time during which an object operates. 
n	The period of time during which an object is recognizable. 
n	A particular phase or period of existence. 
n	A period extending from a when a (positive or negative) office, punishment, etc is conferred on someone until that person dies (or, sometimes, reaches retirement age). 
n	Animation; spirit; vivacity. 
n	The most lively component or participant. 
n	A biography. 
n	Nature, reality, and the forms that exist in it. 
n	(video games) One of the player's chances to play, lost when the player's character dies or when certain mistakes are made. 
n	(baseball, softball, cricket) A chance for the batter (or batting team) to bat again, given as a result of an misplay by a member of the fielding team. 
n	One of a player's chances to play in various children's playground games, lost when a mistake is made, for example being struck by the ball in dodgeball. 
n	(uncountable, insurance) The life insurance industry. 
n	(countable) A life assured under a life assurance policy (equivalent to the policy itself for a single life contract). 
v	(aviation) To replace components whose operational lifetime has expired. 
n	(Christian Science) God. 
n	A surname. 
