v	(transitive, intransitive) To raise or rise. 
v	(transitive, slang) To steal. 
v	(transitive, slang) To source directly without acknowledgement; to plagiarise. 
v	(transitive, slang) To arrest (a person). 
v	(transitive) To remove (a ban, restriction, etc.). 
v	(transitive) To alleviate, to lighten (pressure, tension, stress, etc.) 
v	(transitive) to cause to move upwards. 
v	(informal, intransitive) To lift weights; to weight-lift. 
v	To try to raise something; to exert the strength for raising or bearing. 
v	To elevate or improve in rank, condition, etc.; often with up. 
v	(obsolete) To bear; to support. 
v	To collect, as moneys due; to raise. 
v	(programming) To transform (a function) into a corresponding function in a different context. 
v	(finance) To buy a security or other asset previously offered for sale. 
v	(hunting, transitive) To take (hounds) off the existing scent and move them to another spot. 
n	An act of lifting or raising. 
n	The act of transporting someone in a vehicle; a ride; a trip. 
n	(UK, Australia, New Zealand) Mechanical device for vertically transporting goods or people between floors in a building; an elevator. 
n	An upward force, such as the force that keeps aircraft aloft. 
n	(measurement) The difference in elevation between the upper pool and lower pool of a waterway, separated by lock. 
n	(historical slang) A thief. 
n	(dance) The lifting of a dance partner into the air. 
n	Permanent construction with a built-in platform that is lifted vertically. 
n	An improvement in mood. 
n	The amount or weight to be lifted. 
n	The space or distance through which anything is lifted. 
n	A rise; a degree of elevation. 
n	A liftgate. 
n	(nautical) A rope leading from the masthead to the extremity of a yard below, and used for raising or supporting the end of the yard. 
n	(engineering) One of the steps of a cone pulley. 
n	(shoemaking) A layer of leather in the heel of a shoe. 
n	(horology) That portion of the vibration of a balance during which the impulse is given. 
n	(UK dialectal, chiefly Scotland) Air. 
n	(UK dialectal, chiefly Scotland) The sky; the heavens; firmament; atmosphere. 
