n	(physics, uncountable) Visible electromagnetic radiation. The human eye can typically detect radiation (light) in the wavelength range of about 400 to 750 nanometers. Nearby shorter and longer wavelength ranges, although not visible, are commonly called ultraviolet and infrared light. 
n	A source of illumination. 
n	(figuratively) Spiritual or mental illumination; enlightenment, useful information. 
n	(in the plural, now rare) Facts; pieces of information; ideas, concepts. 
n	A notable person within a specific field or discipline. 
n	(painting) The manner in which the light strikes a picture; that part of a picture which represents those objects upon which the light is supposed to fall; the more illuminated part of a landscape or other scene; opposed to shade. 
n	A point of view, or aspect from which a concept, person or thing is regarded. 
n	A flame or something used to create fire. 
n	(slang) A cigarette lighter. 
n	A firework made by filling a case with a substance which burns brilliantly with a white or coloured flame. 
n	A window in architecture, carriage design, or motor car design: either the opening itself or the window pane of glass that fills it, if any. 
n	The series of squares reserved for the answer to a crossword clue. 
n	(informal) A cross-light in a double acrostic or triple acrostic. 
n	Open view; a visible state or condition; public observation; publicity. 
n	The power of perception by vision. 
n	The brightness of the eye or eyes. 
n	A traffic light, or, by extension, an intersection controlled by one or more that will face a traveler who is receiving instructions. 
v	(transitive) To start (a fire). 
v	(transitive) To set fire to; to set burning. 
v	(transitive) To illuminate; to provide light for when it is dark. 
v	(intransitive) To become ignited; to take fire. 
v	To attend or conduct with a light; to show the way to by means of a light. 
v	(transitive, pinball) To make (a bonus) available to be collected by hitting a target, and thus light up the feature light corresponding to that bonus to indicate its availability. 
adj	Having light; bright; clear; not dark or obscure. 
adj	Pale or whitish in color; highly luminous and more or less deficient in chroma. 
adj	(of coffee) Served with extra milk or cream. 
adj	Having little or relatively little actual weight; not cumbrous or unwieldy. 
adj	Having little weight as compared with bulk; of little density or specific gravity. 
adj	Of short or insufficient weight; weighing less than the legal, standard, or proper amount; clipped or diminished. 
adj	Free from burden or impediment; unencumbered. 
adj	Lightly built; typically designed for speed or small loads. 
adj	(military) Not heavily armed; armed with light weapons. 
adj	(nautical, of a ship) Riding high because of no cargo; by extension, pertaining to a ship which is light. 
adj	(rail transport, of a locomotive or consist of locomotives) Without any piece of equipment attached or attached only to a caboose. 
adj	With low viscosity. 
adj	(cooking) Not heavy or soggy; spongy; well raised. 
adj	Low in fat, calories, alcohol, salt, etc. 
adj	Slight, not forceful or intense; small in amount or intensity. 
adj	Gentle; having little force or momentum. 
adj	Easy to endure or perform. 
adj	Unimportant, trivial, having little value or significance. 
adj	(obsolete) Unchaste, wanton. 
adj	Not encumbered; unembarrassed; clear of impediments; hence, active; nimble; swift. 
adj	(dated) Easily influenced by trifling considerations; unsteady; unsettled; volatile. 
adj	Indulging in, or inclined to, levity; lacking dignity or solemnity; frivolous; airy. 
adj	Not quite sound or normal; somewhat impaired or deranged; dizzy; giddy. 
adj	Easily interrupted by stimulation. 
adv	Carrying little. 
n	(curling) A stone that is not thrown hard enough. 
n	See lights (“lungs”). 
n	(Australia, uncountable) A low-alcohol lager. 
v	(nautical) To unload a ship, or to jettison material to make it lighter 
v	To lighten; to ease of a burden; to take off. 
v	To find by chance. 
v	To stop upon (of eyes or a glance); to notice 
v	(archaic) To alight; to land or come down. 
n	A surname. 
n	An unincorporated community in Greene County, Arkansas, United States. 
n	(Islam) The 24th sura (chapter) of the Qur'an. 
