n	A strip of fabric, especially from the edge of a piece of cloth. 
n	Material used for cloth selvage. 
n	A register or roll of paper consisting of a compilation or enumeration of a set of possible items; the compilation or enumeration itself. 
n	(in the plural, historical) The barriers or palisades used to fence off a space for jousting or tilting tournaments. 
n	(in the plural, military, historical) The scene of a military contest; the ground or field of combat; an enclosed space that serves as a battlefield; the site of a pitched battle. 
n	(computing, programming) A codified representation of a list used to store data or in processing; especially, in the Lisp programming language, a data structure consisting of a sequence of zero or more items. 
n	(architecture) A little square moulding; a fillet or listel. 
n	(carpentry) A narrow strip of wood, especially sapwood, cut from the edge of a board or plank. 
n	(ropemaking) A piece of woollen cloth with which the yarns are grasped by a worker. 
n	(tin-plate manufacture) The first thin coating of tin; a wire-like rim of tin left on an edge of the plate after it is coated. 
n	(obsolete) A stripe. 
n	(obsolete) A boundary or limit; a border. 
v	(transitive) To create or recite a list. 
v	(transitive) To place in listings. 
v	(transitive) To sew together, as strips of cloth, so as to make a show of colours, or to form a border. 
v	(transitive) To cover with list, or with strips of cloth; to put list on; to stripe as if with list. 
v	(transitive, agriculture) To plough and plant with a lister. 
v	(transitive, agriculture, chiefly Southern US) To prepare (land) for a cotton crop by making alternating beds and alleys with a hoe. 
v	(transitive, carpentry) To cut away a narrow strip, as of sapwood, from the edge of. 
v	(transitive, military) To enclose (a field, etc.) for combat. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To engage a soldier, etc.; to enlist. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To engage in public service by enrolling one's name; to enlist. 
v	To give a building of architectural or historical interest listed status; see also the adjective listed. 
n	(archaic) Art; craft; cunning; skill. 
v	(intransitive, poetic) To listen. 
v	(transitive, poetic) To listen to. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To be pleasing to. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To desire, like, or wish (to do something). 
n	(obsolete) Desire, inclination. 
n	(architecture) A tilt to a building. 
n	(nautical) A careening or tilting to one side, usually not intentionally or under a vessel's own power. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To cause (something) to tilt to one side. 
v	(intransitive, nautical) To tilt to one side. 
n	A surname. 
