adj	Pertaining to (or, especially of a language: spoken in) in an area which is at a lesser elevation, closer to sea level (especially near the sea), than other regions. 
adj	(baseball, of a ball) Below the batter's knees. 
adj	Of less than normal height or upward extent or growth, or of greater than normal depth or recession; below the average or normal level from which elevation is measured. 
adj	Low-cut. 
adj	Not high in status, esteem, or rank, dignity, or quality. (Compare vulgar.) 
adj	Humble, meek, not haughty. 
adj	Disparaging; assigning little value or excellence. 
adj	Being a nadir, a bottom. 
adj	Depressed in mood, dejected, sad. 
adj	Lacking health or vitality, strength or vivacity; feeble; weak. 
adj	Dead. (Compare lay low.) 
adj	Having a small or comparatively smaller concentration of (a substance, which is often but not always linked by "in" when predicative). 
adj	Depleted, or nearing deletion; lacking in supply. 
adj	(especially in biology) Simple in complexity or development. 
adj	(chiefly in several set phrases) Favoring simplicity (see e.g. low church, Low Tory). 
adj	(in several set phrases) Being near the equator. 
adj	(acoustics) Grave in pitch, due to being produced by relatively slow vibrations (wave oscillations); flat. 
adj	Quiet; soft; not loud. 
adj	(phonetics) Made with a relatively large opening between the tongue and the palate; made with (part of) the tongue positioned low in the mouth, relative to the palate. 
adj	(card games) Lesser in value than other cards, denominations, suits, etc. 
adj	(now rare) Not rich or seasoned; offering the minimum of nutritional requirements; plain, simple. 
adj	(of an automobile, gear, etc) Designed for a slow (or the slowest) speed. 
n	A low point or position, literally (as, a depth) or or figuratively (as, a nadir, a time when things are at their worst, least, minimum, etc). 
n	The minimum atmospheric temperature recorded at a particular location, especially during one 24-hour period. 
n	A period of depression; a depressed mood or situation. 
n	(meteorology, informal) An area of low pressure; a depression. 
n	The lowest-speed gearing of a power-transmission system, especially of an automotive vehicle. 
n	(card games) The lowest trump, usually the deuce; the lowest trump dealt or drawn. 
n	(slang, usually accompanied by "the") A cheap, cost-efficient, or advantageous price. 
adv	Close to the ground. 
adv	Of a pitch, at a lower frequency. 
adv	With a low voice or sound; not loudly; gently. 
adv	Under the usual price; at a moderate price; cheaply. 
adv	In a low mean condition; humbly; meanly. 
adv	In a time approaching our own. 
adv	(astronomy) In a path near the equator, so that the declination is small, or near the horizon, so that the altitude is small; said of the heavenly bodies with reference to the diurnal revolution. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To lower; to make low. 
v	(intransitive) To moo. 
n	(countable, UK, Scotland, dialect) A flame; fire; blaze. 
v	(UK, Scotland, dialect) To burn; to blaze. 
n	(archaic or obsolete) Barrow, mound, tumulus. 
n	(Scottish dialectal, archaic) A hill. 
n	A surname. 
n	(military) Acronym of launch on warning. 
