adj	Of chief or leading importance; prime, principal. 
adj	Chief, most important, or principal in extent, size, or strength; consisting of the largest part. 
adj	(archaic, of force, strength, etc.) Full, sheer, undivided. 
adj	(dialectal) Big; angry. 
adj	(nautical) Belonging to or connected with the principal mast in a vessel. 
adj	(obsolete) Great in size or degree; important, powerful, strong, vast. 
adv	(Britain, dialectal) Exceedingly, extremely, greatly, mightily, very, very much. 
v	(transitive, gaming) To mainly play a specific character or side, or with specific equipment, during a game. 
v	(obsolete) To convert (a road) into a main or primary road. 
n	That which is chief or principal; the chief or main portion; the bulk, the greater part, gross. 
n	(video games) The primary character that one plays in a video game in which one can play more than one character. 
n	A large cable or pipe providing utility service to an area or a building, such as a water main or electric main. 
n	(now poetic) The high seas. 
n	(now archaic, US dialectal) The mainland. 
n	(obsolete, except in might and main) Force, power, strength, violent effort. 
n	(obsolete, gaming) A hand or match in a game of dice. 
n	(obsolete, gaming) The largest throw in a match at dice; in the game of hazard, a number from one to nine called out by a person before the dice are thrown. 
n	(obsolete, gaming) A stake played for at dice. 
n	(obsolete, gaming, sports) A sporting contest or match, especially a cockfighting match. 
n	A banker's shovel for coins. 
n	(obsolete, rare) A basket for gathering grapes. 
n	A river in southern Germany, flowing from Bavaria to the Rhine. 
n	A river in Northern Ireland, flowing into Lough Neagh. 
n	A surname. 
v	(transitive, slang) Short for mainline (“to inject (a drug) directly into a vein”). [(slang) To inject (a drug) directly into a vein.] 
n	(informal) Short for main course (“the principal dish of a meal”). [The main serving or dish of a meal, usually cooked.] 
n	(nautical) Short for mainsail. [(nautical) The largest (or only) sail on a sailing vessel.] 
