adj	Greater in dignity, rank, importance, significance, or interest. 
adj	Greater in number, quantity, or extent. 
adj	Notable or conspicuous in effect or scope. 
adj	Prominent or significant in size, amount, or degree. 
adj	(medicine) Involving great risk, serious, life-threatening. 
adj	Of full legal age, having attained majority. 
adj	(education) Of or relating to a subject of academic study chosen as a field of specialization. 
adj	(of a scale) Having intervals of a semitone between the third and fourth, and seventh and eighth degrees. 
adj	(of an interval) Equivalent to that between the tonic and another note of a major scale, and greater by a semitone than the corresponding minor interval. 
adj	(postpositive) (of a key) Based on a major scale, tending to produce a bright or joyful effect. 
adj	(campanology) Bell changes rung on eight bells. 
adj	(UK, dated) Indicating the elder of two brothers, appended to a surname in public schools. 
adj	(of a term) Occurring as the predicate in the conclusion of a categorical syllogism. 
adj	(of a premise) Containing the major term in a categorical syllogism. 
n	(military) A rank of officer in the army and the US air force, between captain and lieutenant colonel. 
n	An officer in charge of a section of band instruments, used with a modifier. 
n	A person of legal age. 
n	(campanology) A system of change-ringing using eight bells. 
n	A large, commercially successful company, especially a record label that is bigger than an indie. 
n	(education, Canada, US, Australia, New Zealand) The principal subject or course of a student working toward a degree at a college or university. 
n	A student at a college or university specializing on a given area of study. 
n	(Canadian football) A touchdown, or major score. 
n	(Australian rules football) A goal. 
n	(British slang, dated) An elder brother (especially at a public school). 
n	(entomology) A large leaf-cutter ant that acts as a soldier, defending the nest. 
v	(intransitive) Used in a phrasal verb: major in. 
n	A surname. 
n	An unincorporated community in Kentucky. 
n	A village in Saskatchewan, Canada. 
n	(military) Title for an army officer with the rank of major. 
n	Ellipsis of major key.. [(music) A musical key based upon a major scale.] 
n	Ellipsis of major interval.. [(music) an interval that is either a major second, major third, major sixth, or a major seventh] 
n	Ellipsis of major scale.. [(music) One of the diatonic scales; a group of notes or musical pitches in a particular pattern, used to make melodies. The pattern for a major scale is: tone - tone - semitone - tone - tone - tone - semitone.] 
n	Ellipsis of major term.. [(logic) In a syllogism, the term that is the predicate of the conclusion.] 
n	Ellipsis of major premise.. [(logic) In a categorical syllogism, the premise whose terms are the syllogism's major term and middle term.] 
n	(bridge) Ellipsis of major suit.. [(bridge) Either of the suits of spades (♠) and hearts (♥), which rank higher than the minor suits (diamonds and clubs).] 
n	(obsolete) Alternative form of mayor and mair. 
