v	To build, construct, produce, or originate. 
v	To write or compose. 
v	To bring about; to effect or produce by means of some action. 
v	(religious) To create (the universe), especially (in Christianity) from nothing. 
v	(transitive) To prepare (food); to cook (food). 
v	(intransitive, now mostly colloquial) To behave, to act. 
v	(intransitive) To tend; to contribute; to have effect; with for or against. 
v	To constitute. 
v	(transitive) To add up to, have a sum of. 
v	(transitive, construed with of, typically interrogative) To interpret. 
v	(transitive, usually stressed) To bring into success. 
v	(ditransitive, second object is an adjective or participle) To cause to be. 
v	To cause to appear to be; to represent as. 
v	(ditransitive, second object is a verb) To cause (to do something); to compel (to do something). 
v	(ditransitive, second object is a verb, can be stressed for emphasis or clarity) To force to do. 
v	(ditransitive, of a fact) To indicate or suggest to be. 
v	(transitive, of a bed) To cover neatly with bedclothes. 
v	(transitive, US slang, crime, law enforcement) To recognise, identify, spot. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To arrive at a destination, usually at or by a certain time. 
v	(intransitive, colloquial) To proceed (in a direction). 
v	(transitive) To cover (a given distance) by travelling. 
v	(transitive) To move at (a speed). 
v	To appoint; to name. 
v	(transitive, slang) To induct into the Mafia or a similar organization (as a made man). 
v	(intransitive, colloquial, euphemistic) To defecate or urinate. 
v	(transitive) To earn, to gain (money, points, membership or status). 
v	(transitive) To pay, to cover (an expense); chiefly used after expressions of inability. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To compose verses; to write poetry; to versify. 
v	To enact; to establish. 
v	To develop into; to prove to be. 
v	To form or formulate in the mind. 
v	To perform a feat. 
v	(intransitive) To gain sufficient audience to warrant its existence. 
v	(obsolete) To act in a certain manner; to have to do; to manage; to interfere; to be active; often in the phrase to meddle or make. 
v	(obsolete) To increase; to augment; to accrue. 
v	(obsolete) To be engaged or concerned in. 
v	(now archaic) To cause to be (in a specified place), used after a subjective what. 
v	(transitive, euphemistic) To take the virginity of. 
v	(transitive) To have sexual intercourse with. 
v	(intransitive) Of water, to flow toward land; to rise. 
n	Brand or kind; model. 
n	Manner or style of construction (style of how a thing is made); form. 
n	Origin (of a manufactured article); manufacture; production. 
n	A person's character or disposition. 
n	(dated) The act or process of making something, especially in industrial manufacturing. 
n	(uncountable) Quantity produced, especially of materials. 
n	(computing) A software utility for automatically building large applications, or an implementation of this utility. 
n	(slang) Identification or recognition (of identity), especially from police records or evidence. 
n	(slang, usually in phrase "easy make") Past, present, or future target of seduction (usually female). 
n	(slang, military) A promotion. 
n	A home-made project 
n	(card games) Turn to declare the trump for a hand (in bridge), or to shuffle the cards. 
n	(basketball) A made basket. 
n	(physics) The closing of an electrical circuit. 
n	(UK, dialectal) Mate; a spouse or companion; a match. 
n	(Scotland, Ireland, Northern England, now rare) A halfpenny. 
n	(East Anglia, Essex, obsolete) An agricultural tool resembling a scythe, used to cut (harvest) certain plants such as peas, reeds, or tares. 
