n	An adult male human. 
n	(collective) All human males collectively: mankind. 
n	A human, a person regardless of gender, usually an adult. (See usage notes.) 
n	(collective) All humans collectively: mankind, humankind, humanity. (Sometimes capitalized as Man.) 
n	(anthropology, archaeology, paleontology) A member of the genus Homo, especially of the species Homo sapiens. 
n	A male person, usually an adult; a (generally adult male) sentient being, whether human, supernatural, elf, alien, etc. 
n	An adult male who has, to an eminent degree, qualities considered masculine, such as strength, integrity, and devotion to family; a mensch. 
n	(uncountable, obsolete, uncommon) Manliness; the quality or state of being manly. 
n	A husband. 
n	A male lover; a boyfriend. 
n	A male enthusiast or devotee; a male who is very fond of or devoted to a specified kind of thing. (Used as the last element of a compound.) 
n	A person, usually male, who has duties or skills associated with a specified thing. (Used as the last element of a compound.) 
n	A person, usually male, who can fulfill one's requirements with regard to a specified matter. 
n	A male who belongs to a particular group: an employee, a student or alumnus, a representative, etc. 
n	An adult male servant. 
n	(historical) A vassal; a subject. 
n	A piece or token used in board games such as chess. 
n	A term of familiar address often implying on the part of the speaker some degree of authority, impatience, or haste. 
n	A friendly term of address usually reserved for other adult males. 
n	(sports) A player on whom another is playing, with the intent of limiting their attacking impact. 
adj	Only used in man enough 
v	(transitive) To supply (something) with staff or crew (of either sex). 
v	(transitive) To take up position in order to operate (something). 
v	(reflexive, possibly dated) To brace (oneself), to fortify or steel (oneself) in a manly way. (Compare man up.) 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To wait on, attend to or escort. 
v	(transitive, obsolete, chiefly falconry) To accustom (a raptor or other type of bird) to the presence of people. 
n	(computing) A command used to display help pages in Unix and Unix-like operating systems. 
n	The genus Homo. 
n	(poetic) Humankind in general. 
n	The Isle of Man; an island and crown dependency of the United Kingdom in the Irish Sea. 
n	A surname from Chinese. 
n	Abbreviation of Manitoba. [A province in Western Canada.] 
n	Abbreviation of Manchester (especially in football) [A major city and metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester, in northwestern England.] 
n	(computing) Initialism of Metropolitan Area Network (a large computer network usually spanning a city) 
