n	A visual representation of an area, whether real or imaginary, showing the relative positions of places and other features. 
n	A graphical or logical representation of any structure or system, showing the positions of or relationships between its components. 
n	(mathematics) A function. 
n	(entomology) Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genera Araschnia (especially, Araschnia levana) and Cyrestis, having map-like markings on the wings. 
n	(UK, dated) The face. 
n	(board games, video games) An imaginary or fictional area, often predefined and confined, where a game or a session thereof takes place. 
n	(computing) Synonym of associative array. 
v	(transitive) To represent by means of a map. 
v	(transitive) To create a map of; to examine or survey in order to gather information for a map. 
v	(intransitive, followed by a "to" phrase) To have a direct relationship; to correspond. 
v	(transitive, followed by a "to" phrase) To create a direct relationship to; to create a correspondence with. 
v	(mathematics, transitive, followed by a "to" phrase) To act as a function on something, taking it to something else. 
v	(transitive, computing) To assign a drive letter to a shared folder. 
n	(aviation) Initialism of missed approach point. [(aviation) The point during descent at which a pilot must initiate a go-around maneuver if the runway is not in clear sight.] 
n	(travel) Initialism of modified American plan, a hotel rate that included accommodation, breakfast and dinner, but not lunch. [(travel) a hotel rate that includes accommodation, breakfast and dinner, but not lunch.] 
n	(neurology) Initialism of microtubule-associated protein. 
n	(medicine) Initialism of mean arterial pressure. 
n	Acronym of methyl-acetylene propadiene. 
n	(military, attributive) Initialism of multiple aim point. 
n	(sexuality, euphemistic, highly nonstandard) Initialism of minor-attracted person (pedophile, hebephile or ephebophile). [(euphemistic, nonstandard) A pedophile; including nepiophiles, hebephiles and ephebophiles.] 
n	Initialism of Mexican-American Princess; overly materialistic and selfish young Mexican-American woman. 
