n	(obsolete) A boundary; a border or frontier. 
n	(obsolete) A boundary-post or fence. 
n	A stone or post used to indicate position and guide travellers. 
n	(archaic) A type of small region or principality. 
n	(historical) A common, or area of common land, especially among early Germanic peoples. 
n	An omen; a symptomatic indicator of something. 
n	A characteristic feature. 
n	A visible impression or sign; a blemish, scratch, or stain, whether accidental or intentional. 
n	A sign or brand on a person. 
n	A written character or sign. 
n	A stamp or other indication of provenance, quality etc. 
n	(obsolete) Resemblance, likeness, image. 
n	A particular design or make of an item (now usually with following numeral). 
n	A score for finding the correct answer, or other academic achievement; the sum of such points gained as out of a possible total. 
n	A target for shooting at with a projectile. 
n	An indication or sign used for reference or measurement. 
n	The target or intended victim of a swindle, fixed game or con game. 
n	(obsolete) The female genitals. 
n	(Rugby football, Australian rules football) A catch of the ball directly from a kick of 10 metres or more without having been touched in transit, resulting in a free kick. 
n	(sports) The line indicating an athlete's starting-point. 
n	A score for a sporting achievement. 
n	An official note that is added to a record kept about someone's behavior or performance. 
n	(cooking) A specified level on a scale denoting gas-powered oven temperatures. 
n	(product design/engineering) The model number of a device; a device model. 
n	Limit or standard of action or fact. 
n	Badge or sign of honour, rank, or official station. 
n	(archaic) Preeminence; high position. 
n	(logic) A characteristic or essential attribute; a differential. 
n	(nautical) One of the bits of leather or coloured bunting placed upon a sounding line at intervals of from two to five fathoms. (The unmarked fathoms are called "deeps".) 
n	(archaic) Attention, notice. 
n	Importance, noteworthiness. (Generally in postmodifier “of mark”.) 
n	(obsolete) Regard; respect. 
v	To put a mark on (something); to make (something) recognizable by a mark; to label or write on (something). 
v	To leave a mark (often an undesirable or unwanted one) on (something). 
v	(figuratively) To have a long-lasting negative impact on (someone or something). 
v	To create an indication of (a location). 
v	To be an indication of (something); to show where (something) is located. 
v	To indicate (something) in writing or by other symbols. 
v	To create (a mark) on a surface. 
v	To celebrate or acknowledge (an event) through an action of some kind. 
v	(of things) To identify (someone as a particular type of person or as having a particular role). 
v	(of people) To assign (someone) to a particular category or class. 
v	(of people) To choose or intend (someone) for a particular end or purpose. 
v	To be a point in time or space at which something takes place; to accompany or be accompanied by (an event, action, etc.); to coincide with. 
v	To be typical or characteristic of (something). 
v	To distinguish (one person or thing from another). 
v	(dated except in the phrase "mark my words") To focus one's attention on (something or someone); to pay attention to, to take note of. 
v	(dated) To become aware of (something) through the physical senses. 
v	To hold (someone) in one's line of sight. 
v	To indicate the correctness of and give a score to (a school assignment, exam answers, etc.). 
v	To record that (someone) has a particular status. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To keep account of; to enumerate and register; to keep score. 
v	(sports) To follow a player not in possession of the ball when defending, to prevent them receiving a pass easily. 
v	(Australian rules football) To catch the ball directly from a kick of 15 metres or more without having been touched in transit, resulting in a free kick. 
v	(golf) To put a marker in the place of one's ball. 
v	(singing) To sing softly, sometimes an octave lower than usual, in order to protect one's voice during a rehearsal. 
n	A measure of weight (especially for gold and silver), once used throughout Europe, equivalent to 8 oz. 
n	(now historical) An English and Scottish unit of currency (originally valued at one mark weight of silver), equivalent to 13 shillings and fourpence. 
n	Any of various European monetary units, especially the base unit of currency of (West) Germany between 1948 and 2002, equal to 100 pfennigs. 
n	A coin worth one mark. 
n	A male given name from Latin. 
n	A surname. 
n	Mark the Evangelist, also called John Mark, the first patriarch of Alexandria, credited with the authorship of the Gospel of Mark. 
n	(biblical) The Gospel of St. Mark, a book of the New Testament of the Bible. Traditionally the second of the four gospels. 
v	(imperative, marching) Alternative form of march. [(intransitive) To walk with long, regular strides, as a soldier does.] 
n	(astronomy) Abbreviation of Markarian. [A surname from Armenian.] 
