n	A quantity of matter cohering together so as to make one body, or an aggregation of particles or things which collectively make one body or quantity, usually of considerable size. 
n	(obsolete) Precious metal, especially gold or silver. 
n	(physics) The quantity of matter which a body contains, irrespective of its bulk or volume. It is one of four fundamental properties of matter. It is measured in kilograms in the SI system of measurement. 
n	(pharmacology) A medicinal substance made into a cohesive, homogeneous lump, of consistency suitable for making pills; as, blue mass. 
n	(medicine) A palpable or visible abnormal globular structure; a tumor. 
n	(bodybuilding) Excess body weight, especially in the form of muscle hypertrophy. 
n	(proscribed) Synonym of weight 
n	Bulk; magnitude; body; size. 
n	The principal part; the main body. 
n	A large body of individuals, especially persons. 
n	(in the plural) The lower classes of persons. 
v	(transitive) To form or collect into a mass; to form into a collective body; to bring together into masses; to assemble. 
v	(intransitive) To assemble in a mass 
adj	Involving a mass of things; concerning a large quantity or number. 
adj	Involving a mass of people; of, for, or by the masses. 
n	(Christianity) The Eucharist, now especially in Roman Catholicism. 
n	(Christianity) Celebration of the Eucharist. 
n	(Christianity, usually as the Mass) The sacrament of the Eucharist. 
n	A musical setting of parts of the mass. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To celebrate mass. 
n	(Roman Catholicism) The principal liturgical service of the Church, including a scripture service and a eucharistic service, which includes the consecration and oblation (offering) of the host and wine. 
n	A similar ceremony offered by a number of Christian churches. 
n	(music) A musical composition set to portions of the Mass. 
n	Abbreviation of Massachusetts. [A state of the United States.] 
n	Alternative form of Mas [(now historical, chiefly in representations of US and Caribbean dialect) Master, used as a title of respect.] 
