adj	(law) Underage, not having reached legal majority. 
adj	(medicine, sometimes figuratively) Not serious, not involving risk of death, permanent injury, dangerous surgery, or extended hospitalization. 
adj	(music) Smaller by a diatonic semitone than the equivalent major interval. 
adj	(music) Incorporating a minor third interval above the (in scales) tonic or (in chords) root note, (also figuratively) tending to produce a dark, discordant, sad, or pensive effect. 
adj	(Canada, US, education) Of or related to a minor, a secondary area of undergraduate study. 
adj	(mathematics) Of or related to a minor, a determinate obtained by deleting one or more rows and columns from a matrix. 
adj	(logic) Acting as the subject of the second premise of a categorical syllogism, which then also acts as the subject of its conclusion. 
adj	(UK, dated) The younger of two pupils with the same surname. 
adj	(music, historical) Of or related to the relationship between the longa and the breve in a score. 
adj	(music, historical) Having semibreves twice as long as a minim. 
adj	(politics, obsolete) Of or related to a minority party. 
n	(law) A child, a person who has not reached the age of majority, consent, etc. and is legally subject to fewer responsibilities and less accountability and entitled to fewer legal rights and privileges. 
n	A lesser person or thing, a person, group, or thing of minor rank or in the minor leagues. 
n	(Canada, US, education) A formally recognized secondary area of undergraduate study, requiring fewer course credits than the equivalent major. 
n	(Canada, US, education, uncommon) A person who is completing or has completed such a course of study. 
n	(mathematics) A determinant of a square matrix obtained by deleting one or more rows and columns. 
n	(Australian football) Synonym of behind: a one-point kick. 
n	(entomology) Any of various noctuid moths in Europe and Asia, chiefly in the Oligia and Mesoligia genera. 
n	(entomology) A leaf-cutter worker ant intermediate in size between a minim and a media. 
n	(campanology) Changes rung on six bells. 
n	(Scotland law, obsolete) An adolescent, a person above the legal age of puberty but below the age of majority. 
n	(mathematics, rare, obsolete) Synonym of subtrahend, the amount subtracted from a number. 
n	(UK, rare, obsolete) The younger brother of a pupil. 
v	Used in a phrasal verb: minor in. 
n	A surname. 
n	(music) Ellipsis of minor interval, scale, mode, key, chord, triad, etc. [(music) an interval that is either a minor second, minor third, minor sixth, or a minor seventh] 
n	(Catholicism) Alternative letter-case form of Minor: a Franciscan friar, a Clarist nun. [A surname.] 
n	(logic) Ellipsis of minor term or minor premise. 
n	(baseball) Ellipsis of minor league: the lower level of teams. [An association of sports teams that plays at a level below the major leagues of a sport.] 
n	(ice hockey) Ellipsis of minor penalty: a penalty requiring a player to leave the ice for 2 minutes unless the opposing team scores. [(ice hockey) A penalty sending the offending player to the penalty box for 2 minutes or (after the 1955–1956 season) the next score by the opposing team.] 
n	(rugby, historical) Ellipsis of minor point: a lesser score formerly gained by certain actions. [(rugby, historical) A single point awarded for a touch-in-goal and sometimes for touchdowns or dead balls.] 
n	(bridge) Ellipsis of minor suit; a card of a minor suit. [(bridge) Either of the suits of diamonds (♦) and clubs (♣), which rank lower than the major suits (spades and hearts).] 
