n	A (human) female who has given birth to a baby; this person in relation to her child or children. 
n	A human female who parents an adopted or fostered child. 
n	A human female who donates a fertilized egg or donates a body cell which has resulted in a clone. 
n	A pregnant female, possibly as a shortened form of mother-to-be. 
n	A female parent of an animal. 
n	(figuratively) A female ancestor. 
n	(figuratively) A source or origin. 
n	Something that is the greatest or most significant of its kind. (See mother of all.) 
n	(dated, when followed by a surname) A title of respect for one's mother-in-law. 
n	(dated) A term of address for one's wife. 
n	(figuratively) Any elderly woman, especially within a particular community. 
n	(figuratively) Any person or entity which performs mothering. 
n	Dregs, lees; a stringy, mucilaginous or film- or membrane-like substance (consisting of acetobacters) which develops in fermenting alcoholic liquids (such as wine, or cider), and turns the alcohol into acetic acid with the help of oxygen from the air. 
n	(rail transport) A locomotive which provides electrical power for a slug. 
n	The principal piece of an astrolabe, into which the others are fixed. 
n	The female superior or head of a religious house; an abbess, etc. 
n	(obsolete) Hysterical passion; hysteria; the uterus. 
n	A disc produced from the electrotyped master, used in manufacturing phonograph records. 
v	(chiefly transitive) To give birth to or produce (as its female parent) a child. (Compare father.) 
v	(transitive) To treat as a mother would be expected to treat her child; to nurture. 
v	(transitive) To cause to contain mother (“that substance which develops in fermenting alcohol and turns it into vinegar”). 
v	(intransitive, of an alcohol) To develop mother. 
n	(euphemistic, mildly vulgar, slang) Motherfucker. 
n	(euphemistic, colloquial) A striking example. 
n	(dated) One's mother. 
n	A title given to a nun or a priestess. 
n	(Wicca) One of the triune goddesses of the Lady in Wicca alongside the Crone and Maiden and representing a woman older than a girlish Maiden but younger than an aged Crone. 
n	A title given to the personification of a force of nature or abstract concept, such as Mother Nature, Mother Russia, or Mother Earth. 
n	Alternative form of moth-er [A person (especially an entomologist) or animal that catches moths.] 
