n	A hill or mountain. 
n	(palmistry) Any of seven fleshy prominences in the palm of the hand, taken to represent the influences of various heavenly bodies. 
n	(obsolete) A bulwark for offence or defence; a mound. 
n	(obsolete) A bank; a fund. 
n	(heraldry) A green hillock in the base of a shield. 
n	An animal, usually a horse, used to ride on (unlike a draught horse). 
n	(now only figuratively) A car, bicycle, or motorcycle used for racing. 
n	A mounting; an object on which another object is mounted. 
n	(obsolete) A rider in a cavalry unit or division. 
n	A step or block to assist in mounting a horse. 
n	A signal for mounting a horse. 
n	(martial arts) A dominant ground grappling position, where one combatant sits on the other combatants torso with the face pointing towards the opponent's head. 
v	(transitive) To get upon; to ascend; to climb. 
v	(transitive) To place oneself on (a horse, a bicycle, etc.); to bestride. 
v	(transitive) To cause to mount; to put on horseback; to furnish with animals for riding. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To cause (something) to rise or ascend; to drive up; to raise; to elevate; to lift up. 
v	(transitive, martial arts) To sit on a combatants torso with the face pointing towards the opponent's head; to assume the mount position in ground grappling. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To rise on high; to go up; to be upraised or uplifted; to tower aloft; to ascend; often with up. 
v	(transitive) To attach (an object) to a support, backing, framework etc. 
v	(transitive, computing) To attach (a drive or device) to the file system in order to make it available to the operating system. 
v	(intransitive, sometimes with up) To increase in quantity or intensity. 
v	(obsolete) To attain in value; to amount (to). 
v	(transitive) To get on top of (another) for the purpose of copulation. 
v	(transitive) To have sexual intercourse with someone. 
v	(transitive) To begin (a campaign, military assault, etc.); to launch. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To deploy (cannon) for use. 
v	(transitive) To prepare and arrange the scenery, furniture, etc. for use in (a play or production). 
v	(cooking) To incorporate fat, especially butter, into (a dish, especially a sauce to finish it). 
n	A surname. 
