v	(intransitive) To change place or posture; to go, in any manner, from one place or position to another. 
v	(intransitive) To act; to take action; to begin to act 
v	(intransitive) To change residence, for example from one house, town, or state, to another; to go and live at another place. See also move out and move in. 
v	(intransitive, chess, board games) Of a piece: To be transferred from one space or position on the board to another by the player. 
v	(transitive, ergative) To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in motion; to carry, convey, draw, or push from one place to another 
v	(transitive, chess, board games) To transfer (a piece) from one space or position on the board to another. 
v	(transitive) To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by representation, persuasion, or appeal; to influence. 
v	(transitive) To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially, to excite to tenderness or compassion, to excite (for example, an emotion). 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To propose; to recommend; specifically, to propose formally for consideration and determination, in a deliberative assembly; to submit 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To mention; to raise (a question); to suggest (a course of action); to lodge (a complaint). 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To incite, urge (someone to do something); to solicit (someone for or of an issue); to make a proposal to. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To apply to, as for aid. 
v	(law, transitive, intransitive) To request an action from the court. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To bow or salute upon meeting. 
v	(transitive, business) To sell or market (especially physical inventory or illicit drugs). 
n	The act of moving; a movement. 
n	An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of a plan or purpose. 
n	A formalized or practiced action used in athletics, dance, physical exercise, self-defense, hand-to-hand combat, etc. 
n	The event of changing one's residence. 
n	A change in strategy. 
n	A transfer, a change from one employer to another. 
n	(board games) The act of moving a token on a gameboard from one position to another according to the rules of the game. 
n	(board games, usually in the plural) A round, in which each player has a turn. 
