adj	Existing in the nature of a person or thing; innate, not acquired or learned. 
adj	Normally associated with a particular person or thing; inherently related to the nature of a thing or creature. 
adj	As expected; reasonable, normal; naturally arising from the given circumstances. 
adj	Formed by nature; not manufactured or created by artificial processes. 
adj	Pertaining to death brought about by disease or old age, rather than by violence, accident etc. 
adj	Having an innate ability to fill a given role or profession, or display a specified character. 
adj	(mathematics) Designating a standard trigonometric function of an angle, as opposed to the logarithmic function. 
adj	(music) Neither sharp nor flat. Denoted ♮. 
adj	Containing no artificial or man-made additives; especially (of food) containing no colourings, flavourings or preservatives. 
adj	Pertaining to a decoration that preserves or enhances the appearance of the original material; not stained or artificially coloured. 
adj	Pertaining to a fabric still in its undyed state, or to the colour of undyed fabric. 
adj	(dice games) Pertaining to a dice roll before bonuses or penalties have been applied to the result. 
adj	(bodybuilding) Not having used anabolic steroids or other performance-enhancing drugs. 
adj	(bridge) Bidding in an intuitive way that reflects one's actual hand. 
adj	(algebra) Closed under submodules, direct sums, and injective hulls. 
adj	Having a given status (especially of authority) by virtue of birth. 
adj	Related genetically but not legally to one's father; born out of wedlock, illegitimate. 
adj	Related by birth; genetically related. 
n	(now rare) A native inhabitant of a place, country etc. 
n	(music) A note that is not or is no longer to be modified by an accidental. 
n	(music) The symbol ♮ used to indicate such a natural note. 
n	One with an innate talent at or for something. 
n	An almost white colour, with tints of grey, yellow or brown; originally that of natural fabric. 
n	(archaic) One with a simple mind; a fool or idiot. 
n	(colloquial, chiefly UK) One's life. 
n	(US, colloquial) A hairstyle for people with Afro-textured hair in which the hair is not straightened or otherwise treated. 
n	(slang, chiefly in plural) A breast which has not been modified. 
n	(bodybuilding) Someone who has not used anabolic steroids or other performance-enhancing drugs. 
n	(craps) A roll of two dice with a score of 7 or 11 on the comeout roll. 
adv	(colloquial, dialect) Naturally; in a natural manner. 
