n	(food, broadly) Any of various hard-shelled seeds or hard, dry fruits from various families of plants. 
n	(botany, strictly) Such a fruit that is indehiscent. 
n	(hardware) A piece of hardware, typically metal and typically hexagonal or square in shape, with a hole through it having internal screw threads, intended to be screwed onto a threaded bolt or other threaded shaft. 
n	(slang) A crazy person. 
n	(slang) The head. 
n	(US, slang) Monthly expense to keep a venture running. 
n	(US, slang) The amount of money necessary to set up some venture; set-up costs. 
n	(US, slang) A stash of money owned by an extremely rich investor, sufficient to sustain a high level of consumption if all other money is lost. 
n	(music, lutherie) On stringed instruments such as guitars and violins, the small piece at the peghead end of the fingerboard that holds the strings at the proper spacing and, in most cases, the proper height. 
n	(typography slang) En, a unit of measurement equal to half of the height of the type in use. 
n	(dated, UK, slang) An extravagantly fashionable young man. 
n	(vulgar, slang, chiefly plural) A testicle. 
n	(vulgar, slang, uncountable) Semen, ejaculate. 
n	(vulgar, slang, countable) Orgasm, ejaculation; especially release of semen. 
n	(colloquial) An extreme enthusiast. 
n	(climbing) A shaped piece of metal, threaded by a wire loop, which is jammed in a crack in the rockface and used to protect a climb. (Originally, machine nuts [sense #2] were used for this purpose.) 
n	(poker, only in attributive use) The best possible hand of a certain type, for instance: "nut straight", "nut flush", and "nut full house". Compare nuts (“the best possible hand available”). 
n	(firearms) The tumbler of a gunlock. 
n	(nautical) A projection on each side of the shank of an anchor, to secure the stock in place. 
n	(archaic) A small rounded cake or cookie. 
v	(mostly in the form "nutting") To gather nuts. 
v	(UK, transitive, slang) To hit deliberately with the head; to headbutt. 
v	(slang, mildly vulgar) To orgasm; to ejaculate. 
v	(slang) To hit in the testicles. 
v	(slang) To defeat thoroughly. 
n	(Egyptian mythology) The goddess who serves as the personification of the sky. 
n	Alternative form of nuth (“Indian nose ring”) [A nose ring worn by Indian women.] 
n	(UK) Initialism of National Union of Teachers. 
