n	(Christianity) The authorized form of ceremonial worship of a church. 
n	(Christianity) Any special liturgy, as the Office for the Dead or of the Virgin. 
n	(Christianity) A daily service without the eucharist. 
n	(Catholicism) The daily service of the breviary, the liturgy for each canonical hour, including psalms, collects, and lessons. 
n	(Protestant) Various prayers used with modification as a morning or evening service. 
n	(Christianity) Last rites. 
n	(Christianity, obsolete) Mass, (particularly) the introit sung at its beginning. 
n	A position of responsibility. 
n	Official position, particularly high employment within government; tenure in such a position. 
n	A duty, particularly owing to one's position or station; a charge, trust, or role; (obsolete, rare) moral duty. 
n	(archaic) Function: anything typically done by or expected of something. 
n	(now usually in plural) A service, a kindness. 
n	(figuratively, slang) Inside information. 
n	A room, set of rooms, or building used for administration and bookkeeping. 
n	A room, set of rooms, or building used for selling services or tickets to the public. 
n	(chiefly US, medicine) A room, set of rooms, or building used for consultation and diagnosis, but not surgery or other major procedures. 
n	(figuratively) The staff of such places. 
n	(UK, Australia, usually capitalized, with clarifying modifier) A ministry or other department of government. 
n	A particular place of business of a larger white-collar business. 
n	(now in the plural, dated) The parts of a house or estate devoted to manual work and storage, as the kitchen, scullery, laundry, stables, etc., particularly (euphemistic, dated) a house or estate's facilities for urination and defecation: outhouses or lavatories. 
n	(obsolete) A piece of land used for hunting; the area of land overseen by a gamekeeper. 
n	(figuratively, slang, obsolete) A hangout: a place where one is normally found. 
n	(UK military slang, dated) A plane's cockpit, particularly an observer's cockpit. 
n	(computing) A collection of business software typically including a word processor and spreadsheet and slideshow programs. 
n	(obsolete) An official or group of officials; (figuratively) a personification of officeholders. 
n	(obsolete) A bodily function, (particularly) urination and defecation; an act of urination or defecation. 
n	(obsolete) The performance of a duty; an instance of performing a duty. 
v	To provide (someone) with an office. 
v	(intransitive) To have an office. 
n	(Catholicism, usually capitalized) Short for Holy Office: the court of final appeal in cases of heresy. [The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith.] 
n	(UK law, historical) Clipping of inquest of office: an inquest undertaken on occasions when the Crown claimed the right of possession to land or property. 
