n	(countable) An evergreen tree of the genus Citrus such as Citrus sinensis. 
n	(countable) The fruit of the orange tree; a citrus fruit with a slightly sour flavour. 
n	The colour of a ripe fruit of an orange tree, midway between red and yellow. 
n	(uncountable) Orange juice. 
n	(uncountable) An orange-coloured and orange-flavoured cordial. 
n	(uncountable) An orange-coloured and orange-flavoured soft drink. 
adj	Having the colour of the fruit of an orange tree; yellowred; reddish-yellow. 
v	(transitive) To color orange. 
v	(intransitive) To become orange. 
n	A city in the Vaucluse department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France. 
n	The Orange River (the longest river in South Africa) 
n	A city in New South Wales; named for William II of the Netherlands, Prince of Orange from 1815 to 1840. 
n	A city in Orange County, California; named for the fruit. 
n	A town in Connecticut; named for William III of England. 
n	An unincorporated community in Georgia. 
n	An unincorporated community in Illinois. 
n	An unincorporated community in Indiana; named for its township, itself named for Orange County, North Carolina. 
n	A town in Massachusetts; named for William III of England. 
n	An unincorporated community in Missouri. 
n	A town in New Hampshire; named for the orange ochre found in the area. 
n	A city in New Jersey; named for William III of England, Prince of Orange from 1650 to 1702. 
n	A town in New York. 
n	An unincorporated community in Coshocton County, Ohio. 
n	A village in Cuyahoga County, Ohio. 
n	An unincorporated community in Delaware County, Ohio. 
n	A city, the county seat of Orange County, Texas. 
n	A town in Vermont. 
n	A town, the county seat of Orange County, Virginia. 
n	A town in Wisconsin. 
n	Prince or Princess of Orange. Title of the first-born to the Dutch Royal House. 
n	(Ireland, informal) a Loyalist or a member of the Orange Order; someone, usually a Protestant, who advocates keeping Northern Ireland under British control. 
adj	Relating to the Orange Order. 
