n	(countable) Arrangement, disposition, or sequence. 
n	(countable) A position in an arrangement, disposition, or sequence. 
n	(uncountable) The state of being well arranged. 
n	(countable) Conformity with law or decorum; freedom from disturbance; general tranquillity; public quiet. 
n	(countable) A command. 
n	(countable) A request for some product or service; a commission to purchase, sell, or supply goods. 
n	(countable) A group of religious adherents, especially monks or nuns, set apart within their religion by adherence to a particular rule or set of principles. 
n	(countable) An association of knights. 
n	Any group of people with common interests. 
n	(countable) A decoration, awarded by a government, a dynastic house, or a religious body to an individual, usually for distinguished service to a nation or to humanity. 
n	(countable, biology, taxonomy) A category in the classification of organisms, ranking below class and above family; a taxon at that rank. 
n	A number of things or persons arranged in a fixed or suitable place, or relative position; a rank; a row; a grade; especially, a rank or class in society; a distinct character, kind, or sort. 
n	(Christianity) An ecclesiastical rank or position, usually for the sake of ministry, (especially, when plural) holy orders. 
n	(architecture) The disposition of a column and its component parts, and of the entablature resting upon it, in classical architecture; hence (since the column and entablature are the characteristic features of classical architecture) a style or manner of architectural design. 
n	(cricket) The sequence in which a side’s batsmen bat; the batting order. 
n	(electronics) A power of polynomial function in an electronic circuit’s block, such as a filter, an amplifier, etc. 
n	(chemistry) The overall power of the rate law of a chemical reaction, expressed as a polynomial function of concentrations of reactants and products. 
n	(set theory) The cardinality, or number of elements in a set, group, or other structure regardable as a set. 
n	(group theory, of an element of a group) For given group G and element g ∈ G, the smallest positive natural number n, if it exists, such that (using multiplicative notation), gⁿ = e, where e is the identity element of G; if no such number exists, the element is said to be of infinite order (or sometimes zero order). 
n	(graph theory) The number of vertices in a graph. 
n	(order theory) A partially ordered set. 
n	(order theory) The relation on a partially ordered set that determines that it is, in fact, a partially ordered set. 
n	(algebra) The sum of the exponents on the variables in a monomial, or the highest such among all monomials in a polynomial. 
n	(finance) A written direction to furnish someone with money or property; compare money order, postal order. 
v	(transitive) To set in some sort of order. 
v	(transitive) To arrange, set in proper order. 
v	(transitive) To issue a command to. 
v	(transitive) To request some product or service; to secure by placing an order. 
v	To admit to holy orders; to ordain; to receive into the ranks of the ministry. 
n	(Scouting) The Order of the Arrow. 
