n	Usually preceded by the: alternative letter-case form of Orient (“a region or a part of the world to the east of a certain place; countries of Asia, the East (especially East Asia)”) 
n	The part of the horizon where the sun first appears in the morning; the east. 
n	(obsolete) A pearl originating from the Indian region, reputed to be of great brilliance; (by extension) any pearl of particular beauty and value. 
n	(by extension) The brilliance or colour of a high-quality pearl. 
adj	(dated, poetic, also figuratively) Rising, like the morning sun. 
adj	(dated, poetic) Of the colour of the sky at daybreak; bright in colour, from red to yellow. 
adj	(obsolete except poetic) Of, facing, or located in the east; eastern, oriental. 
adj	(obsolete except poetic) Of a pearl or other gem: of great brilliance and value; (by extension) bright, lustrous. 
v	(transitive) To build or place (something) so as to face eastward. 
v	(transitive, by extension) To align or place (a person or object) so that his, her, or its east side, north side, etc., is positioned toward the corresponding points of the compass; (specifically, surveying) to rotate (a map attached to a plane table) until the line of direction between any two of its points is parallel to the corresponding direction in nature. 
v	(transitive) To direct towards or point at a particular direction. 
v	(transitive, reflexive) To determine which direction one is facing. 
v	(transitive, often reflexive, figuratively) To familiarize (oneself or someone) with a circumstance or situation. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To set the focus of (something) so as to appeal or relate to a certain group. 
v	(intransitive) To change direction to face a certain way. 
n	Usually preceded by the: a region or a part of the world to the east of a certain place; countries of Asia, the East (especially East Asia). 
n	(dated) The countries east of the Mediterranean. 
n	A city and town in Illinois. 
n	A city and town in Iowa. 
n	A town in Maine. 
n	A census-designated place and hamlet in New York. 
n	A town and village in South Dakota. 
n	A pear cultivar from the United States 
