n	A bundle made up and prepared to be carried; especially, a bundle to be carried on the back, but also a load for an animal, a bale. 
n	A number or quantity equal to the contents of a pack 
n	A multitude. 
n	A number or quantity of connected or similar things; a collective. 
n	A full set of playing cards 
n	The assortment of playing cards used in a particular game. 
n	A group of hounds or dogs, hunting or kept together. 
n	A wolfpack: a number of wolves, hunting together. 
n	A flock of knots. 
n	A group of people associated or leagued in a bad design or practice; a gang. 
n	A group of Cub Scouts. 
n	A shook of cask staves. 
n	A bundle of sheet iron plates for rolling simultaneously. 
n	A large area of floating pieces of ice driven together more or less closely. 
n	(medicine) An envelope, or wrapping, of sheets used in hydropathic practice, called dry pack, wet pack, cold pack, etc., according to the method of treatment. 
n	(slang) A loose, lewd, or worthless person. 
n	(snooker, pool) A tight group of object balls in cue sports. Usually the reds in snooker. 
n	(rugby) The forwards in a rugby team (eight in Rugby Union, six in Rugby League) who with the opposing pack constitute the scrum. 
n	(roller derby) The largest group of blockers from both teams skating in close proximity. 
v	(transitive) To make a pack of; to arrange closely and securely in a pack; hence, to place and arrange compactly as in a pack 
v	(transitive) To fill in the manner of a pack, that is, compactly and securely, as for transportation; hence, to fill closely or to repletion; to stow away within; to cause to be full; to crowd into. 
v	(transitive) To wrap in a wet or dry sheet, within numerous coverings. 
v	(transitive) To make impervious, such as by filling or surrounding with suitable material, or to fit or adjust so as to move without allowing air, water, or steam inside. 
v	(intransitive) To make up packs, bales, or bundles; to stow articles securely for transportation. 
v	(intransitive) To form a compact mass, especially in order for transportation. 
v	(intransitive, of animals) To gather together in flocks, herds, schools or similar groups of animals. 
v	(transitive, historical) To combine (telegraph messages) in order to send them more cheaply as a single transmission. 
v	(transitive, card games) To sort and arrange (the cards) in the pack to give oneself an unfair advantage 
v	(transitive) To bring together or make up unfairly, in order to secure a certain result. 
v	(transitive) To contrive unfairly or fraudulently; to plot. 
v	(intransitive) To put together for morally wrong purposes; to join in cahoots. 
v	(transitive) To load with a pack 
v	(transitive, figuratively) to load; to encumber. 
v	(transitive) To cause to go; to send away with baggage or belongings; especially, to send away peremptorily or suddenly; – sometimes with off. See pack off. 
v	(transitive, US, chiefly Western US) To transport in a pack, or in the manner of a pack (on the backs of men or animals). 
v	(intransitive) To depart in haste; – generally with off or away. 
v	(transitive, slang) To carry weapons, especially firearms, on one's person. 
v	(transitive, sports, slang) To block a shot, especially in basketball. 
v	(intransitive, rugby, of the forwards in a rugby team) To play together cohesively, specially with reference to their technique in the scrum. 
v	(intransitive, LGBT, of a drag king, trans man, etc.) To wear an object, such as a prosthetic penis, inside one’s trousers to appear more male or masculine. 
