n	Two similar or identical things taken together; often followed by of. 
n	One of the constituent items that make up a pair. 
n	Two people in a relationship, partnership or friendship. 
n	Used with binary nouns (often in the plural to indicate multiple instances, since such nouns are plural only, except in some technical contexts) 
n	A couple of working animals attached to work together, as by a yoke. 
n	(card games) A poker hand that contains two cards of identical rank, which cannot also count as a better hand. 
n	(cricket) A score of zero runs (a duck) in both innings of a two-innings match. 
n	(baseball, informal) A double play, two outs recorded in one play. 
n	(baseball, informal) A doubleheader, two games played on the same day between the same teams 
n	(rowing) A boat for two sweep rowers. 
n	(slang) A pair of breasts 
n	(slang) A pair of testicles 
n	(Australia, politics) The exclusion of one member of a parliamentary party from a vote, if a member of the other party is absent for important personal reasons. 
n	Two members of opposite parties or opinion, as in a parliamentary body, who mutually agree not to vote on a given question, or on issues of a party nature during a specified time. 
n	(archaic) A number of things resembling one another, or belonging together; a set. 
n	(kinematics) In a mechanism, two elements, or bodies, which are so applied to each other as to mutually constrain relative motion; named in accordance with the motion it permits, as in turning pair, sliding pair, twisting pair. 
v	(transitive) To group into one or more sets of two. 
v	(computing) to link two electronic devices wirelessly together, especially through a protocol such as Bluetooth 
v	(transitive) To bring two (animals, notably dogs) together for mating. 
v	(intransitive) To come together for mating. 
v	(politics, slang) To engage (oneself) with another of opposite opinions not to vote on a particular question or class of questions. 
v	(intransitive) To suit; to fit, as a counterpart. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To impair, to make worse. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To become worse, to deteriorate. 
n	A surname. 
