n	(Greek mythology) Greek god of nature, often visualized as half goat and half man playing pipes. His Roman counterpart is Faunus. 
n	(astronomy) A moon of the planet Saturn. 
n	A surname. 
n	A wide, flat receptacle used around the house, especially for cooking. 
n	The contents of such a receptacle. 
n	A cylindrical receptacle about as tall as it is wide, with one long handle, usually made of metal, used for cooking in the home. 
n	(Ireland) A deep plastic receptacle, used for washing or food preparation; a basin. 
n	A wide receptacle in which gold grains are separated from gravel by washing the contents with water. 
n	A pond or lake, considered as the expanse of land upon which the water sits. 
n	(especially South Africa) A dry lake or playa, especially a salt flat. 
n	(South Africa) Synonym of playa lake: a temporary pond or lake in a playa. 
n	(geology, obsolete South Africa) Synonym of pipe: a channel for lava within a volcano; the cylindrical remains of such channels. 
n	Strong adverse criticism. 
n	A loaf of bread. 
n	(obsolete) The chamber pot in a close stool; (now) the base of a toilet, consisting of the bowl and its support. 
n	(slang) A human face, a mug. 
n	(roofing) The bottom flat part of a roofing panel that is between the ribs of the panel. 
n	A closed vessel for boiling or evaporating as part of manufacture; a vacuum pan. 
n	(firearms) The part of a flintlock that holds the priming. 
n	The skull, considered as a vessel containing the brain; the brainpan. 
n	(figuratively) The brain, seen as one's intellect. 
n	(carpentry) A recess, or bed, for the leaf of a hinge. 
v	(transitive) To wash in a pan (of earth, sand etc. when searching for gold). 
v	(transitive) To disparage; to belittle; to put down; to harshly criticize, especially a work (book, movie, etc.) 
v	(intransitive, with out, to pan out) To turn out well; to be successful. 
v	(transitive, informal, of a contest) To beat one's opposition convincingly. 
v	(intransitive, of a camera, etc.) To turn horizontally. 
v	(intransitive, photography) To move the camera lens angle while continuing to expose the film, enabling a contiguous view and enrichment of context. In still-photography large-group portraits the film usually remains on a horizontal fixed plane as the lens and/or the film holder moves to expose the film laterally. The resulting image may extend a short distance laterally or as great as 360 degrees from the point where the film first began to be exposed. 
v	(audio) To spread a sound signal into a new stereo or multichannel sound field, typically giving the impression that it is moving across the sound stage. 
v	To join or fit together; to unite. 
n	A part; a portion. 
n	(fortifications) The distance comprised between the angle of the epaule and the flanked angle. 
n	A leaf of gold or silver. 
adj	(informal) Pansexual. 
n	Ellipsis of Peter Pan. [A man who acts as a child and does not accept the responsibilities of adulthood.] 
n	(linguistics) Abbreviation of Proto-Austronesian. [A proposed common ancestor to the group of Austronesian languages comprising Malayo-Polynesian and Formosan languages.] 
n	Acronym of primary account number. 
n	Acronym of personal area network. [A wireless communications network, intended for devices within a small room or cubicle.] 
n	(organic chemistry) Initialism of polyacrylonitrile. [(organic chemistry) Any polymer or copolymer of acrylonitrile; they are mostly resins that are used to make fibers for fabrics] 
n	(organic chemistry) Initialism of peroxyacetyl nitrate. [An urban air pollutant formed photochemically in the air as part of photochemical smog.] 
n	Short for salt pan: a flat artificial pond used for collecting minerals from evaporated water. [Synonym of salt flat: a natural dry lake or playa whose bed contains abundant salt.] 
n	(geology) Short for hardpan: a hard substrate such as is formed in pans. [A distinct layer of soil that is largely impervious to water.] 
n	(music) Short for steelpan. [(music, countable) A percussion instrument consisting of a drum made of steel, originally from Trinidad.] 
n	Alternative form of paan [A psychoactive preparation of betel leaf combined with areca nut and/or cured tobacco, chewed recreationally in Asia; such a preparation served wrapped in the leaf.] 
