n	A sheet material used for writing on or printing on (or as a non-waterproof container), usually made by draining cellulose fibres from a suspension in water. 
n	A newspaper or anything used as such (such as a newsletter or listing magazine). 
n	(uncountable) Wallpaper. 
n	(uncountable) Wrapping paper. 
n	(rock paper scissors) An open hand (a handshape resembling a sheet of paper), that beats rock and loses to scissors. It loses to lizard and beats Spock in rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. 
n	A written document, generally shorter than a book (white paper, term paper), in particular one written for the Government. 
n	A written document that reports scientific or academic research and is usually subjected to peer review before publication in a scientific journal (as a journal article or the manuscript for one) or in the proceedings of a scientific or academic meeting (such as a conference, workshop, or symposium). 
n	A scholastic essay. 
n	(Britain) A set of examination questions to be answered at one session. 
n	(slang) Money. 
n	(finance, uncountable) Any financial assets other than specie. 
n	(New Zealand) A university course. 
n	A paper packet containing a quantity of items. 
n	A medicinal preparation spread upon paper, intended for external application. 
n	A substance resembling paper secreted by certain invertebrates as protection for their nests and eggs. 
n	(dated) Free passes of admission to a theatre, etc. 
n	(dated, by extension) The people admitted by free passes. 
adj	Made of paper. 
adj	Insubstantial (from the weakness of common paper) 
adj	Planned (from plans being drawn up on paper) 
adj	Having a title that is merely official, or given by courtesy or convention. 
v	(transitive) To apply paper to. 
v	(transitive) To document; to memorialize. 
v	(transitive) To fill (a theatre or other paid event) with complimentary seats. 
v	(transitive) To submit official papers to (a law court, etc.). 
v	(transitive) To give public notice (typically by displaying posters) that a person is wanted by the police or other authority. 
v	(transitive) To sandpaper. 
v	(transitive) To enfold in paper. 
v	To paste the endpapers and flyleaves at the beginning and end of a book before fitting it into its covers. 
