n	A tract of ground kept in its natural state, about or adjacent to a residence, such as for the preservation of game, for walking, riding, or the like. 
n	A piece of ground in or near a city or town, enclosed and kept for ornament and recreation. 
n	An enclosed parcel of land stocked with animals for hunting, which one may have by prescription or royal grant. 
n	(US) A wide, flat-bottomed valley in a mountainous region. 
n	An open space occupied by or reserved for vehicles, matériel or stores. 
n	A partially enclosed basin in which oysters are grown. 
n	An area zoned for a particular (industrial or commercial) purpose. 
n	An area on which a sporting match is played; (soccer) a pitch. 
n	(UK) An inventory of matériel. 
n	(Australia, New Zealand, colloquial) A space in which to leave a car; a parking space. 
v	(transitive) To bring (something such as a vehicle) to a halt or store in a specified place. 
v	(transitive, informal) To defer (a matter) until a later date. 
v	(transitive) To bring together in a park, or compact body. 
v	(transitive) To enclose in a park, or as in a park. 
v	(transitive, baseball) To hit a home run; to hit the ball out of the park. 
v	(intransitive, slang) To engage in romantic or sexual activities inside a nonmoving vehicle that was driven to a suitable spot for that purpose. 
v	(transitive, informal, sometimes reflexive) To sit, recline, or put, especially in a manner suggesting an intent to remain for some time. 
v	(transitive, finance) To invest money temporarily in an investment instrument considered to relatively free of risk, especially while awaiting other opportunities. 
v	(Internet) To register a domain name, but make no use of it (See domain parking) 
v	(transitive, oyster culture) To enclose in a park, or partially enclosed basin. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To promenade or drive in a park. 
v	(intransitive, dated, of horses) To display style or gait on a park drive. 
n	An English surname. 
n	A river in central Connecticut 
n	A village in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. 
n	A large area in Lewis, Western Isles council area, Scotland. 
n	A surname from Korean. Alternative form of Bak. 
