v	(intransitive) To move or be moved from one place to another. 
v	(transitive) To go past, by, over, or through; to proceed from one side to the other of; to move past. 
v	(ditransitive) To cause to move or go; to send; to transfer from one person, place, or condition to another. 
v	(intransitive, transitive, medicine) To eliminate (something) from the body by natural processes. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To take a turn with (a line, gasket, etc.), as around a sail in furling, and make secure. 
v	(sports) To make various kinds of movement. 
v	(intransitive) To go from one person to another. 
v	(transitive) To put in circulation; to give currency to. 
v	(transitive) To cause to obtain entrance, admission, or conveyance. 
v	(transitive, cooking) To put through a sieve. 
v	(intransitive) To progress from one state to another; to advance. 
v	(intransitive) To depart, to cease, to come to an end. 
v	(intransitive) To die. 
v	(intransitive, transitive) To achieve a successful outcome from. 
v	(intransitive, transitive) To advance through all the steps or stages necessary to become valid or effective; to obtain the formal sanction of (a legislative body). 
v	(intransitive, law) To be conveyed or transferred by will, deed, or other instrument of conveyance. 
v	(transitive) To cause to advance by stages of progress; to carry on with success through an ordeal, examination, or action; specifically, to give legal or official sanction to; to ratify; to enact; to approve as valid and just. 
v	(intransitive, law) To make a judgment on or upon a person or case. 
v	(transitive) To utter; to pronounce; to pledge. 
v	(intransitive) To change from one state to another (without the implication of progression). 
v	(intransitive, of time) To elapse, to be spent. 
v	(transitive, of time) To spend. 
v	(transitive) To go by without noticing; to omit attention to; to take no note of; to disregard. 
v	(intransitive) To continue. 
v	(intransitive) To proceed without hindrance or opposition. 
v	(transitive) To live through; to have experience of; to undergo; to suffer. 
v	(intransitive) To happen. 
v	(intransitive) To be tolerated as a substitute for something else, to "do". 
v	(sociology) To present oneself as and be accepted by others as a member of a race, sex or other group to which one does not belong or would not be regarded as belonging ; especially to be considered white although one has black ancestry, or a woman although one is male or vice versa. 
v	(intransitive) To decline something that is offered or available. 
v	(transitive) To reject; to pass up. 
v	(intransitive) To decline or not attempt to answer a question. 
v	(intransitive) In turn-based games, to decline to play in one's turn. 
v	(intransitive, card games) In euchre, to decline to make the trump. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To go beyond bounds; to surpass; to be in excess. 
v	(transitive) To transcend; to surpass; to excel; to exceed. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To take heed, to have an interest, to care. 
n	An opening, road, or track, available for passing; especially, one through or over some dangerous or otherwise impracticable barrier such as a mountain range; a passageway; a defile; a ford. 
n	A channel connecting a river or body of water to the sea, for example at the mouth (delta) of a river. 
n	A single movement, especially of a hand, at, over, or along anything. 
n	A single passage of a tool over something, or of something over a tool. 
n	An attempt. 
n	Success in an examination or similar test. 
n	(fencing) A thrust or push; an attempt to stab or strike an adversary. 
n	(figuratively) A thrust; a sally of wit. 
n	A sexual advance. 
n	(sports) The act of moving the ball or puck from one player to another. 
n	(rail transport) A passing of two trains in the same direction on a single track, when one is put into a siding to let the other overtake it. 
n	Permission or license to pass, or to go and come. 
n	A document granting permission to pass or to go and come; a passport; a ticket permitting free transit or admission 
n	(baseball) An intentional walk. 
n	(sports) The act of overtaking; an overtaking manoeuvre. 
n	The state of things; condition; predicament; impasse. 
n	(obsolete) Estimation; character. 
n	(cooking) The area in a restaurant kitchen where the finished dishes are passed from the chefs to the waiting staff. 
n	An act of declining to play one's turn in a game, often by saying the word "pass". 
n	(computing) A run through a document as part of a translation, compilation or reformatting process. 
n	(computing, slang) A password (especially one for a restricted-access website). 
n	A surname. 
n	(education) Initialism of positive alternative to school suspension. 
