n	A piece of cloth, or other suitable material, sewed or otherwise fixed upon a garment to repair or strengthen it, especially upon an old garment to cover a hole. 
n	A small piece of anything used to repair damage or a breach; as, a patch on a kettle, a roof, etc. 
n	A piece of any size, used to repair something for a temporary period only, or that it is temporary because it is not meant to last long or will be removed as soon as a proper repair can be made, which will happen in the near future. 
n	A small, usually contrasting but always somehow different or distinct, part of something else (location, time, size) 
n	(specifically) A small area, a small plot of land or piece of ground. 
n	A local region of professional responsibility. 
n	(historical) A small piece of black silk stuck on the face or neck to heighten beauty by contrast, worn by ladies in the 17th and 18th centuries; an imitation beauty mark. 
n	(medicine) A piece of material used to cover a wound. 
n	(medicine) An adhesive piece of material, impregnated with a drug, which is worn on the skin, the drug being slowly absorbed over a period of time. 
n	(medicine) A cover worn over a damaged eye, an eyepatch. 
n	A block on the muzzle of a gun, to do away with the effect of dispart, in sighting. 
n	(computing) A patch file, a file that describes changes to be made to a computer file or files, usually changes made to a computer program that fix a programming bug. 
n	(firearms) A small piece of material that is manually passed through a gun barrel to clean it. 
n	(firearms) A piece of greased cloth or leather used as wrapping for a rifle ball, to make it fit the bore. 
n	(often patch cable, patch cord, etc.; see also patch panel) A cable connecting two pieces of electrical equipment. 
n	(music) A sound setting for a musical synthesizer (originally selected by means of a patch cable). 
n	(printing, historical) An overlay used to obtain a stronger impression. 
v	To mend by sewing on a piece or pieces of cloth, leather, or the like 
v	To mend with pieces; to repair by fastening pieces on. 
v	To make out of pieces or patches, like a quilt. 
v	To join or unite the pieces of; to patch the skirt. 
v	To employ a temporary, removable electronic connection, as one between two components in a communications system. 
v	(generally with the particle "up") To repair or arrange in a hasty or clumsy manner 
v	To fix or improve a computer program without a complete upgrade. 
v	To make a quick and possibly temporary change to a program. 
v	To connect two pieces of electrical equipment using a cable. 
n	(archaic) A paltry fellow; a rogue; a ninny; a fool. 
n	A surname. 
