n	A personal computer, especially one similar to an IBM PC that runs Microsoft Windows (or, originally, DOS), usually as opposed to (say) an Apple Mac. 
n	(Canadian politics, by extension) A member of the Conservative Party of Canada. 
n	(bingo) forty-nine (an allusion to a cartoon character, Police Constable 49) 
v	(sometimes with up) To make politically correct. 
adj	Initialism of partially continuous. 
adj	Initialism of politically correct. [(politics) Possessing or conforming to the correct political positions; following the official policies of the government or a political party.] 
adj	Initialism of pro-choice. [(public policy, law, ethics) Supportive of a person's right to choose whether or not to have an abortion.] 
adj	Initialism of Progressive Conservative. [(Canada, politics) Pertaining to the Progressive Conservative Party.] 
n	Initialism of personal computer. [(dated) A small computer, built around a microprocessor, for use by one person at a time.] 
n	Initialism of parsec. 
n	Initialism of photocopy. [A copy made using a photocopier.] 
n	(medicine) Initialism of presenting complaint. 
n	(gaming) Initialism of player character. [(role-playing games, video games) A character in a role-playing game whose actions are controlled by a player.] 
n	(Britain, Canada, Hong Kong, law enforcement) Initialism of police constable. 
n	Initialism of political correctness. [(uncountable) Avoidance of expressions or actions that can be perceived to exclude, marginalize or insult people who are socially disadvantaged or discriminated against.] 
n	(organic chemistry) Initialism of polycarbonate. [(chemistry) Any of a range of polymers of aromatic carbonates; they are used to make light, flexible alternatives to glass. Abbreviation: PC] 
n	(anatomy) Initialism of posterior commissure. 
n	Initialism of privy council. [A body of advisers to a sovereign, functioning much as a cabinet.] 
n	Initialism of privy councillor. and postnominal. 
n	Initialism of press conference. [A question-and-answer session with members of television, print and other media.] 
n	(US) Initialism of probable cause. [(US, law) The standard by which a police officer may make an arrest or conduct a personal or property search, based on the likelihood of a criminal act etc.] 
n	Initialism of Probate Court. 
n	(film) Initialism of Production Code. 
n	Initialism of Professional Corporation. 
n	(computing) Initialism of program counter. [(computing) A register that stores the address of the current (or next) instruction to be carried out by the processor.] 
n	Initialism of progressive contextualization. 
n	(Canadian politics, dated) Initialism of Progressive Conservative. [(Canada, politics) A member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada.] 
n	Initialism of protective custody. [(law enforcement) Lawful confinement of a person or close supervision of his or her movements, on a voluntary or involuntary basis, by authorities in order to safeguard that person from attack or other dangers.] 
n	Initialism of private chat. 
n	Initialism of patrol craft. 
n	(anatomy) Initialism of pubococcygeus muscle. 
n	(gambling) Abbreviation of percentage. [The amount, number or rate of something, regarded as part of a total of 100; a part of a whole.] 
n	(organic chemistry) Abbreviation of propylene carbonate. 
n	Initialism of Proto-Celtic. [The putative ancestor of all the known Celtic languages.] 
n	Initialism of Penn Central. 
n	(US, navy) Initialism of Coastal Patrol. 
n	Initialism of Phrozen Crew. 
n	(UK politics) Initialism of Plaid Cymru. [A Welsh political party, committed to Welsh independence from the UK] 
n	(US) Initialism of Presbyterian Church. 
n	(Canada, politics) Initialism of Progressive Canadian Party. 
n	(Canada, politics, dated) Initialism of Progressive Conservative Party. [(Canada, politics) a political party in Canada with a right of centre ideology, which succeed the old Conservative Party of Canada, Liberal-Conservative Party of Canada, Blue Party and absorbed the Progressive Party of Canada. It was itself succeeded by the new Conservative Party of Canada.] 
n	Abbreviation of piece. [A part of a larger whole, usually in such a form that it is able to be separated from other parts.] 
n	Abbreviation of postcard. [A rectangular piece of thick paper or thin cardboard intended to be written on and mailed without an envelope. In the case of a picture postcard one side carries a picture or photograph.] 
n	Abbreviation of percent. [A percentage, a proportion (especially per hundred).] 
