n	A tool used for digging; a pickaxe. 
n	A tool for unlocking a lock without the original key; a lock pick, picklock. 
n	A comb with long widely spaced teeth, for use with tightly curled hair. 
n	A choice; ability to choose. 
n	That which would be picked or chosen first; the best. 
n	(music) A tool used for strumming the strings of a guitar; a plectrum. 
n	(nautical, slang) An anchor. 
n	(basketball) A screen. 
n	(lacrosse) An offensive tactic in which a player stands so as to block a defender from reaching a teammate. 
n	(American football) An interception. 
n	(baseball) A good defensive play by an infielder. 
n	(baseball) A pickoff. 
n	A pointed hammer used for dressing millstones. 
n	(obsolete) A pike or spike; the sharp point fixed in the center of a buckler. 
n	(printing, dated) A particle of ink or paper embedded in the hollow of a letter, filling up its face, and causing a spot on a printed sheet. 
n	(art, painting) That which is picked in, as with a pointed pencil, to correct an unevenness in a picture. 
n	(weaving) The blow that drives the shuttle, used in calculating the speed of a loom (in picks per minute); hence, in describing the fineness of a fabric, a weft thread. 
n	(Australia) Pasture; feed, for animals. 
v	To grasp and pull with the fingers or fingernails. 
v	To harvest a fruit or vegetable for consumption by removing it from the plant to which it is attached; to harvest an entire plant by removing it from the ground. 
v	To pull apart or away, especially with the fingers; to pluck. 
v	To take up; especially, to gather from here and there; to collect; to bring together. 
v	To remove something from somewhere with a pointed instrument, with the fingers, or with the teeth. 
v	To decide upon, from a set of options; to select. 
v	(transitive) To seek (a fight or quarrel) where the opportunity arises. 
v	(cricket) To recognise the type of ball being bowled by a bowler by studying the position of the hand and arm as the ball is released. 
v	(music) To pluck the individual strings of a musical instrument or to play such an instrument. 
v	To open (a lock) with a wire, lock pick, etc. 
v	To eat slowly, sparingly, or by morsels; to nibble. 
v	To do anything fastidiously or carefully, or by attending to small things; to select something with care. 
v	To steal; to pilfer. 
v	(obsolete) To throw; to pitch. 
v	(dated) To peck at, as a bird with its beak; to strike at with anything pointed; to act upon with a pointed instrument; to pierce; to prick, as with a pin. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To separate or open by means of a sharp point or points. 
v	(basketball) To screen. 
v	(American football, informal) To intercept a pass from the offense as a defensive player. 
n	A surname. 
