n	A mass of things heaped together; a heap. 
n	(informal) A group or list of related items up for consideration, especially in some kind of selection process. 
n	A mass formed in layers. 
n	A funeral pile; a pyre. 
n	(slang) A large amount of money. 
n	A large building, or mass of buildings. 
n	A bundle of pieces of wrought iron to be worked over into bars or other shapes by rolling or hammering at a welding heat; a fagot. 
n	A vertical series of alternate disks of two dissimilar metals (especially copper and zinc), laid up with disks of cloth or paper moistened with acid water between them, for producing a current of electricity; a voltaic pile, or galvanic pile. 
n	(architecture, civil engineering) A beam, pole, or pillar, driven completely into the ground. 
n	An atomic pile; an early form of nuclear reactor. 
n	(obsolete) The reverse (or tails) of a coin. 
n	A list or league 
v	(transitive, often used with the preposition "up") To lay or throw into a pile or heap; to heap up; to collect into a mass; to accumulate 
v	(transitive) To cover with heaps; or in great abundance; to fill or overfill; to load. 
v	(transitive) To add something to a great number. 
v	(transitive) (of vehicles) To create a hold-up. 
v	(transitive, military) To place (guns, muskets, etc.) together in threes so that they can stand upright, supporting each other. 
n	(obsolete) A dart; an arrow. 
n	The head of an arrow or spear. 
n	A large stake, or piece of pointed timber, steel etc., driven into the earth or sea-bed for the support of a building, a pier, or other superstructure, or to form a cofferdam, etc. 
n	(heraldry) One of the ordinaries or subordinaries having the form of a wedge, usually placed palewise, with the broadest end uppermost. 
v	(transitive) To drive piles into; to fill with piles; to strengthen with piles. 
n	(usually in the plural) A hemorrhoid. 
n	Hair, especially when very fine or short; the fine underfur of certain animals. (Formerly countable, now treated as a collective singular.) 
n	The raised hairs, loops or strands of a fabric; the nap of a cloth. 
v	(transitive) To give a pile to; to make shaggy. 
n	A surname. 
