n	(regional) The common minnow, Phoxinus phoxinus. 
n	(regional) A young Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar, before it becomes a smolt; a parr. 
n	(now obsolete) A narrow boat. 
v	To decorate a piece of clothing or fabric by adding holes or by scalloping the fringe. 
v	To prick with a sword. 
v	To wound by irony, criticism, or ridicule. 
n	(obsolete) A small hole or puncture made by a sharp, slender instrument such as a rapier, poniard or dagger, or (by extension) a bullet; a stab. 
n	(obsolete) A small hole or eyelet punched in a garment for decoration, as with a pinking iron; a scallop. 
n	Any of various flowers in the genus Dianthus, sometimes called carnations. 
n	(dated) A perfect example; excellence, perfection; the embodiment of some quality. 
n	The colour of this flower, between red and white; pale red. 
n	Hunting pink; scarlet, as worn by hunters. 
n	(snooker) One of the colour balls used in snooker, coloured pink, with a value of 6 points. 
n	(slang) An unlettered and uncultured, but relatively prosperous, member of the middle classes; compare Babbitt, bourgeoisie. 
n	(slang) The vagina or vulva. 
adj	Having a colour between red and white; pale red. 
adj	Of a fox-hunter's jacket: scarlet. 
adj	Having conjunctivitis. 
adj	(obsolete) By comparison to red (communist), describing someone who sympathizes with the ideals of communism without actually being a Russian-style communist: a pinko. 
adj	(informal) Relating to women or girls. 
adj	(informal) Relating to homosexuals as a group within society. 
v	(intransitive) To become pink in color, to redden. 
v	(transitive) To turn (something) pink. 
v	(transitive) To turn (a topaz or other gemstone) pink by the application of heat. 
v	Of a motor car, to emit a high "pinking" noise, usually as a result of ill-set ignition timing for the fuel used (in a spark ignition engine). 
v	Of a musical instrument, to sound a very high-pitched, short note. 
v	(obsolete) To wink; to blink. 
adj	(obsolete) Half-shut; winking. 
n	(historical) Any of various lake pigments or dyes in yellow, yellowish green, or brown shades made with plant coloring and a metallic oxide base. 
n	A surname. 
n	(slang, derogatory, dated) An operative of the Pinkerton National Detective Agency. 
n	Alternative form of pinko [(informal, often derogatory, chiefly US) A socialist, particularly one who is not wholly communist.] 
