n	A sticky, gummy substance secreted by trees; sap. 
n	A dark, extremely viscous material remaining in still after distilling crude oil and tar. 
n	(geology) Pitchstone. 
v	To cover or smear with pitch. 
v	To darken; to blacken; to obscure. 
n	A throw; a toss; a cast, as of something from the hand. 
n	(baseball) The act of pitching a baseball. 
n	(sports, UK, Australia, New Zealand) The field on which cricket, soccer, rugby, gridiron or field hockey is played. (In cricket, the pitch is in the centre of the field; see cricket pitch.) (Not often used in the US or Canada, where "field" is the preferred word.) 
n	(rare) The field of battle. 
n	An effort to sell or promote something. 
n	The distance between evenly spaced objects, e.g. the teeth of a saw or gear, the turns of a screw thread, the centres of holes, or letters in a monospace font. 
n	The angle at which an object sits. 
n	(nautical, aviation) The degree to which a vehicle, especially a ship or aircraft, rotates on such an axis, tilting its bow or nose up or down. Compare with roll, yaw, and heave. 
n	(aviation) A measure of the angle of attack of a propeller. 
n	An area in a market (or similar) allocated to a particular trader. 
n	(by extension) The place where a busker performs, a prostitute solicits clients, or an illegal gambling game etc. is set up before the public. 
n	An area on a campsite intended for occupation by a single tent, caravan or similar. 
n	A level or degree, or (by extension), a peak or highest degree. 
n	A point or peak; the extreme point of elevation or depression. 
n	The most thrust-out point of a headland or cape. 
n	(obsolete, uncountable) Collectively, the outermost points of some part of the body, especially the shoulders or hips. 
n	The height a bird reaches in flight, especially a bird of prey preparing to swoop down on its prey. 
n	(now Britain, regional) A person's or animal's height. 
n	Prominence; importance. 
n	(climbing) A section of a climb or rock face; specifically, the climbing distance between belays or stances. 
n	(caving) A vertical cave passage, only negotiable by using rope or ladders. 
n	(cricket) That point of the ground on which the ball pitches or lights when bowled. 
n	A descent; a fall; a thrusting down. 
n	The point where a declivity begins; hence, the declivity itself; a descending slope; the degree or rate of descent or slope; slant. 
n	(mining) The limit of ground set to a miner who receives a share of the ore taken out. 
v	(transitive) To throw. 
v	(transitive or intransitive, baseball) To throw (the ball) toward a batter at home plate. 
v	(intransitive, baseball) To play baseball in the position of pitcher. 
v	(transitive) To throw away; discard. 
v	(transitive) To promote, advertise, or attempt to sell. 
v	(transitive) To deliver in a certain tone or style, or with a certain audience in mind. 
v	(transitive) To assemble or erect (a tent). 
v	(intransitive) To fix or place a tent or temporary habitation; to encamp. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, aviation or nautical) To move so that the front of an aircraft or boat goes alternatively up and down. 
v	(transitive, golf) To play a short, high, lofty shot that lands with backspin. 
v	(intransitive, cricket) To bounce on the playing surface. 
v	(intransitive, Bristol, of snow) To settle and build up, without melting. 
v	(intransitive, archaic) To alight; to settle; to come to rest from flight. 
v	(with on or upon) To fix one's choice. 
v	(intransitive) To plunge or fall; especially, to fall forward; to decline or slope. 
v	(transitive, of an embankment, roadway) To set, face, or pave with rubble or undressed stones. 
v	(transitive, of a price, value) To set or fix. 
v	(transitive, card games, slang, of a card) To discard for some gain. 
v	To attack, or position or assemble for attack. 
n	(music, phonetics) The perceived frequency of a sound or note. 
n	(music) The standard to which a group of musical instruments are tuned or in which a piece is performed, usually by reference to the frequency to which the musical note A above middle C is tuned. 
n	(music) In an a cappella group, the singer responsible for singing a note for the other members to tune themselves by. 
v	(intransitive) To produce a note of a given pitch. 
v	(transitive) To fix or set the tone of. 
