n	(botany) An organism that is not an animal, especially an organism capable of photosynthesis. Typically a small or herbaceous organism of this kind, rather than a tree. 
n	(botany) An organism of the kingdom Plantae; now specifically, a living organism of the Embryophyta (land plants) or of the Chlorophyta (green algae), a eukaryote that includes double-membraned chloroplasts in its cells containing chlorophyll a and b, or any organism closely related to such an organism. 
n	(ecology) Now specifically, a multicellular eukaryote that includes chloroplasts in its cells, which have a cell wall. 
n	(proscribed as biologically inaccurate) Any creature that grows on soil or similar surfaces, including plants and fungi. 
n	A factory or other industrial or institutional building or facility. 
n	An object placed surreptitiously in order to cause suspicion to fall upon a person. 
n	Anyone assigned to behave as a member of the public during a covert operation (as in a police investigation). 
n	A person, placed amongst an audience, whose role is to cause confusion, laughter etc. 
n	(snooker) A play in which the cue ball knocks one (usually red) ball onto another, in order to pot the second; a set. 
n	(uncountable) Machinery, such as the kind used in earthmoving or construction. 
n	(obsolete) A young tree; a sapling; hence, a stick or staff. 
n	(obsolete) The sole of the foot. 
n	(dated, slang) A plan; a swindle; a trick. 
n	An oyster which has been bedded, in distinction from one of natural growth. 
n	(US, dialect) A young oyster suitable for transplanting. 
n	(control theory) The combination of process and actuator. 
n	(vulgar and obscure) Someone that trolls others by using violence on them. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To place (a seed or plant) in soil or other substrate in order that it may live and grow. 
v	(transitive) To place (an object, or sometimes a person), often with the implication of intending deceit. 
v	(transitive) To place or set something firmly or with conviction. 
v	To place in the ground. 
v	To furnish or supply with plants. 
v	To engender; to generate; to set the germ of. 
v	To furnish with a fixed and organized population; to settle; to establish. 
v	To introduce and establish the principles or seeds of. 
v	To set up; to install; to instate. 
n	A surname. 
