n	A raised stage from which speeches are made and on which musical and other performances are made. 
n	A raised floor for any purpose, e.g. for workmen during construction, or formerly for military cannon. 
n	(figuratively) A place or an opportunity to express one's opinion. 
n	(figuratively) Something that allows an enterprise to advance. 
n	(politics, figuratively) A political stance on a broad set of issues, which are called planks. 
n	(rail transport) A raised structure from which passengers can enter or leave a train, metro etc. 
n	(geology) A flat expanse of rock, often the result of wave erosion. 
n	(nautical) A light deck, usually placed in a section of the hold or over the floor of the magazine. 
n	(obsolete) A plan; a sketch; a model; a pattern. 
n	(Myanmar) sidewalk 
v	(transitive) To furnish with or shape into a platform 
v	(transitive) To place on, or as if on, a platform. 
v	(rail transport) To place a train alongside a station platform. 
v	(politics, transitive) To include in a political platform 
v	(transitive) To publish or make visible; to provide a platform for (a topic etc.). 
v	(film, transitive) To open (a film) in a small number of theaters before a broader release in order to generate enthusiasm. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To form a plan of; to model; to lay out. 
n	(footwear, in the plural) Ellipsis of platform shoe.: a kind of high shoe with an extra layer between the inner and outer soles. [A type of footwear with very thick soles and heels to make the wearer appear much taller than they actually are.] 
n	(Internet) Ellipsis of digital platform: a software system used to provide online services to clients, such as social media, e-commerce, cloud computing etc. 
n	(computing) Ellipsis of computing platform: a particular type of operating system or environment such as a database or other specific software, and/or a particular type of computer or microprocessor, used to describe a particular environment for running other software. 
n	(automotive) Ellipsis of car platform: a set of components shared by several vehicle models. 
