n	A slightly curved but almost flat dish from which food is served or eaten. 
n	(uncountable) Such dishes collectively. 
n	The contents of such a dish. 
n	A course at a meal. 
n	(figuratively) An agenda of tasks, problems, or responsibilities 
n	A flat metallic object of uniform thickness. 
n	A vehicle license plate. 
n	A taxi permit, especially of a metal disc. 
n	(historical) Plate armor. 
n	A layer of a material on the surface of something, usually qualified by the type of the material; plating 
n	A material covered with such a layer. 
n	(dated) An ornamental or food service item coated with silver or gold or otherwise decorated. 
n	(weightlifting) A weighted disk, usually of metal, with a hole in the center for use with a barbell, dumbbell, or exercise machine. 
n	(printing) An engraved surface used to transfer an image to paper. 
n	(printing, photography) An image or copy. 
n	(printing, publishing) An illustration in a book, either black and white, or colour, usually on a page of paper of different quality from the text pages. 
n	(dentistry) A shaped and fitted surface, usually ceramic or metal that fits into the mouth and in which teeth are implanted; a dental plate. 
n	(construction) A horizontal framing member at the top or bottom of a group of vertical studs. 
n	(Cockney rhyming slang) A foot, from "plates of meat". 
n	(baseball) Home plate. 
n	(geology) A tectonic plate. 
n	(herpetology) Any of various larger scales found in some reptiles. 
n	(engineering, electricity) A flat electrode such as can be found in an accumulator battery, or in an electrolysis tank. 
n	(engineering, electricity) The anode of a vacuum tube. 
n	A prize given to the winner in a contest. 
n	(chemistry) Any flat piece of material such as coated glass or plastic. 
n	(aviation, travel industry, dated) A metallic card, used to imprint tickets with an airline's logo, name, and numeric code. 
n	(aviation, travel industry, by extension) The ability of a travel agent to issue tickets on behalf of a particular airline. 
n	(Australia) A VIN plate, particularly with regard to the car's year of manufacture. 
n	One of the thin parts of the brisket of an animal. 
n	A very light steel horseshoe for racehorses. 
n	(furriers' slang) Skins for fur linings of garments, sewn together and roughly shaped, but not finally cut or fitted. 
n	(hat-making) The fine nap (as of beaver, musquash, etc.) on a hat whose body is made from inferior material. 
n	(music) A record, usually vinyl. 
n	(military) trauma plate. 
v	To cover the surface material of an object with a thin coat of another material, usually a metal. 
v	To place the various elements of a meal on the diner's plate prior to serving. 
v	(baseball) To score a run. 
v	(transitive) To arm or defend with metal plates. 
v	(transitive) To beat into thin plates. 
v	(aviation, travel industry) To specify which airline a ticket will be issued on behalf of. 
v	(philately) to categorise stamps based on their position on the original sheet, in order to reconstruct an entire sheet. 
v	(philately) (particularly with early British stamps) to identify the printing plate used. 
n	Precious metal, especially silver. 
n	(obsolete) Silver or gold, in the form of a coin, or less often silver or gold utensils or dishes. 
n	(heraldry) A roundel of silver or argent. 
n	The River Plate. 
