v	(intransitive) To act in a manner such that one has fun; to engage in activities expressly for the purpose of recreation or entertainment. 
v	(transitive) To compete against, in a game. 
v	(transitive) (in the scoring of games and sports) To be the opposing score to. 
v	(intransitive) To take part in amorous activity; to make love. 
v	To gamble. 
v	(transitive) To act as the indicated role, especially in a performance. 
v	(intransitive, of a music) To produce music. 
v	(intransitive, especially of a person) To produce music using a musical instrument. 
v	(transitive, especially of a person) To produce music (or a specified song or musical style) using (a specified musical instrument). 
v	(transitive, ergative) To use a device to watch or listen to the indicated recording. 
v	(intransitive, of a theatrical performance) To be performed; (or of a film) to be shown. 
v	(transitive, of a theatrical company or band, etc.) To perform in or at; to give performances in or at. 
v	(transitive) To act or perform (a play). 
v	(copulative) Contrary to fact, to give an appearance of being. 
v	(intransitive) To act with levity or thoughtlessness; to trifle; to be careless. 
v	(intransitive) To act; to behave; to practice deception. 
v	(transitive) To bring into sportive or wanton action; to exhibit in action; to execute. 
v	(African-American Vernacular, intransitive) To kid; to joke; say something for amusement. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To move in any manner; especially, to move regularly with alternate or reciprocating motion; to operate. 
v	(intransitive) To move to and fro. 
v	(transitive) To put in action or motion. 
v	(transitive) To keep in play, as a hooked fish in order to land it. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To manipulate, deceive, or swindle someone. 
n	(uncountable, formerly countable) Activity for amusement only, especially among the young. 
n	(uncountable) Similar activity in young animals, as they explore their environment and learn new skills. 
n	(uncountable) The conduct, or course, of a game. 
n	(uncountable) An individual's performance in a sport or game. 
n	(countable) A short sequence of action within a game. 
n	(countable, turn-based games) An action carried out when it is one's turn to play. 
n	(countable) A literary composition, intended to be represented by actors impersonating the characters and speaking the dialogue. 
n	(countable) A theatrical performance featuring actors. 
n	(countable) An attempt to move forward, as in a plan or strategy, for example by a business, investor, or political party. 
n	(countable) A geological formation that contains an accumulation or prospect of hydrocarbons or other resources. 
n	(uncountable) The extent to which a part of a mechanism can move freely, as for example lash, backlash, or slack. 
n	(uncountable, informal) Sexual activity or sexual role-playing. 
n	(countable) An instance of watching or listening to digital media. 
n	(countable) A button that, when pressed, causes media to be played. 
n	(archaic, now usually in compounds) Activity relating to martial combat or fighting. 
