n	A small and rather deep area of (usually) fresh water, as one supplied by a spring, or occurring in the course of a stream or river; a reservoir for water. 
n	Any small body of standing or stagnant water; a puddle. 
n	A supply of resources. 
n	(by extension, computing) A set of resources that are kept ready to use. 
n	A small amount of liquid on a surface. 
n	A localized glow of light. 
v	(intransitive, of a liquid) To form a pool. 
n	(games, uncountable) A game at billiards, in which each of the players stakes a certain sum, the winner taking the whole; also, in public billiard rooms, a game in which the loser pays the entrance fee for all who engage in the game. 
n	(sports) A cue sport played on a pool table. There are 15 balls, 7 of one colour, 7 of another, and the black ball (also called the 8 ball). A player must pocket all their own colour balls and then the black ball in order to win. 
n	In rifle shooting, a contest in which each competitor pays a certain sum for every shot he makes, the net proceeds being divided among the winners. 
n	(fencing) A group of fencers taking part in a competition. 
n	Any gambling or commercial venture in which several persons join. 
n	The stake played for in certain games of cards, billiards, etc.; an aggregated stake to which each player has contributed a share; also, the receptacle for the stakes. 
n	A combination of persons contributing money to be used for the purpose of increasing or depressing the market price of stocks, grain, or other commodities; also, the aggregate of the sums so contributed. 
n	A set of players in quadrille etc. 
n	(rail transport) A mutual arrangement between competing lines, by which the receipts of all are aggregated, and then distributed pro rata according to agreement. 
n	(law) An aggregation of properties or rights, belonging to different people in a community, in a common fund, to be charged with common liabilities. 
v	(transitive) To put together; contribute to a common fund, on the basis of a mutual division of profits or losses; to make a common interest of. 
v	(intransitive) To combine or contribute with others, as for a commercial, speculative, or gambling transaction. 
n	A civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, also known as Pool in Wharfedale. 
n	Ellipsis of swimming pool. [A pool of water used for swimming, usually one which has been artificially constructed.] 
n	Short for Pool-in-Wharfedale. [A village in Pool parish, Metropolitan Borough of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England (OS grid ref SE2445).] 
