n	A place on the coast at which ships can shelter, or dock to load and unload cargo or passengers. 
n	A town or city containing such a place, a port city. 
n	(nautical, aviation, uncountable) The left-hand side of a vessel, including aircraft, when one is facing the front. Used to unambiguously refer to directions relative to the vessel structure, rather than to a person or object on board. 
n	(rowing) A sweep rower that primarily rows with an oar on the port side. 
adj	(nautical) Of or relating to port, the left-hand side of a vessel when facing the bow. 
v	(nautical, transitive, chiefly imperative) To turn or put to the left or larboard side of a ship; said of the helm. 
n	(now Scotland, historical) An entryway or gate. 
n	An opening or doorway in the side of a ship, especially for boarding or loading; an embrasure through which a cannon may be discharged; a porthole. 
n	(medicine) A small medical appliance installed beneath the skin, connected to a vein by a catheter, and used to inject drugs or to draw blood samples. 
n	(curling, bowls) A space between two stones wide enough for a delivered stone or bowl to pass through. 
n	An opening where a connection (such as a pipe) is made. 
n	(computing) A logical or physical construct in and from which data are transferred. Computer port (hardware) on Wikipedia.Wikipedia 
n	(computing) A female connector of an electronic device, into which a cable's male connector can be inserted. 
v	To carry, bear, or transport. See porter. 
v	(military) To hold or carry (a weapon) with both hands so that it lays diagonally across the front of the body, with the barrel or similar part near the left shoulder and the right hand grasping the small of the stock; or, to throw (the weapon) into this position on command. 
v	(computing, video games) To adapt, modify, or create a new version of, a program so that it works on a different platform. Porting (computing) on Wikipedia.Wikipedia 
v	(telephony, transitive) To carry or transfer (an existing telephone number) from one telephone service provider to another. 
v	(US, government and law) To transfer a voucher or subsidy from one jurisdiction to another. 
n	Something used to carry a thing, especially a frame for wicks in candle-making. 
n	(archaic) The manner in which a person carries himself; bearing; deportment; carriage. See also portance. 
n	(military) The position of a weapon when ported; a rifle position executed by throwing the weapon diagonally across the front of the body, with the right hand grasping the small of the stock and the barrel sloping upward and crossing the point of the left shoulder. 
n	(computing) A program that has been adapted, modified, or recoded so that it works on a different platform from the one for which it was created; the act of this adapting. 
n	(computing, BSD) A set of files used to build and install a binary executable file from the source code of an application. 
n	A type of very sweet fortified wine, mostly dark red, traditionally made in Portugal. 
n	(Australia) A suitcase or schoolbag. 
n	A city in Portugal, near the mouth of the Douro, after which port wine is named 
n	A surname. 
n	(after a qualification) University of Portsmouth, used especially following post-nominal letters indicating status as a graduate. 
n	(Police, Australia) Abbreviation of Public Order Response Team. 
