adj	Not negative or neutral. 
adj	(law) Formally laid down. 
adj	Stated definitively and without qualification. 
adj	Fully assured in opinion. 
adj	(mathematics) Of number, greater than zero. 
adj	Characterized by constructiveness or influence for the better. 
adj	Overconfident, dogmatic. 
adj	(chiefly philosophy) Actual, real, concrete, not theoretical or speculative. 
adj	(physics) Having more protons than electrons. 
adj	(grammar) Describing the primary sense of an adjective, adverb or noun; not comparative, superlative, augmentative nor diminutive. 
adj	(grammar) Describing a verb that is not negated, especially in languages which have distinct positive and negative verb forms, e.g., Finnish. 
adj	Derived from an object by itself; not dependent on changing circumstances or relations. 
adj	Characterized by the existence or presence of distinguishing qualities or features, rather than by their absence. 
adj	Characterized by the presence of features which support a hypothesis. 
adj	(photography) Of a visual image, true to the original in light, shade and colour values. 
adj	Favorable, desirable by those interested or invested in that which is being judged. 
adj	Wholly what is expressed; colloquially downright, entire, outright. 
adj	Optimistic. 
adj	(chemistry) electropositive 
adj	(chemistry) basic; metallic; not acid; opposed to negative, and said of metals, bases, and basic radicals. 
adj	(slang) HIV positive. 
adj	(New Age jargon) Good, desirable, healthful, pleasant, enjoyable; (often precedes 'energy', 'thought', 'feeling' or 'emotion'). 
n	A thing capable of being affirmed; something real or actual. 
n	A favourable point or characteristic. 
n	Something having a positive value in physics, such as an electric charge. 
n	(grammar) A degree of comparison of adjectives and adverbs. 
n	(grammar) An adjective or adverb in the positive degree. 
n	(photography) A positive image; one that displays true colors and shades, as opposed to a negative. 
n	The positive plate of a voltaic or electrolytic cell. 
n	A positive result of a test. 
