n	A flat-bottomed vessel (usually metal) used for cooking food. 
n	A vessel (usually earthenware) used with a seal for storing food, such as a honeypot. 
n	A vessel used for brewing or serving drinks: a coffeepot or teapot. 
n	A vessel used to hold soil for growing plants, particularly flowers: a flowerpot. 
n	(archaic except in fixed expressions) A vessel used for urination and defecation: a chamber pot; (figuratively, slang) a toilet; the lavatory. 
n	A crucible: a melting pot. 
n	A pot-shaped trap used for catching lobsters or other seafood: a lobster pot. 
n	A pot-shaped metal or earthenware extension of a flue above the top of a chimney: a chimney pot. 
n	A perforated cask for draining sugar. 
n	(obsolete) An earthen or pewter cup or mug used for drinking liquor. 
n	(Australia, Queensland, Victoria, Tasmania) A glass of beer in Australia whose size varies regionally but is typically around 10 fl oz (285 mL). 
n	(archaic except in place names) Pothole, sinkhole, vertical cave e.g. Rowten Pot 
n	(slang) Ruin or deterioration. 
n	(historical) An iron hat with a broad brim worn as a helmet. 
n	(rail transport) A pot-shaped non-conducting (usually ceramic) stand that supports an electrified rail while insulating it from the ground. 
n	(gambling, poker) The money available to be won in a hand of poker or a round of other games of chance; (figuratively) any sum of money being used as an enticement. 
n	(UK, horse-racing, slang) A favorite: a heavily-backed horse. 
n	(chiefly East Midlands, Yorkshire) A plaster cast. 
v	To put (something) into a pot. 
v	To preserve by bottling or canning. 
v	(snooker, pool, billiards) To cause a ball to fall into a pocket. 
v	(snooker, pool, billiards) To be capable of being potted. 
v	(transitive) To shoot with a firearm. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To take a pot shot, or haphazard shot, with a firearm. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To secure; gain; win; bag. 
v	(Britain) To send someone to gaol, expeditiously. 
v	(obsolete, dialect, UK) To tipple; to drink. 
v	(transitive) To drain (e.g. sugar of the molasses) in a perforated cask. 
v	(transitive, Britain) To seat a person, usually a young child, on a potty or toilet, typically during toilet teaching. 
v	(chiefly East Midlands) To apply a plaster cast to a broken limb. 
v	To catch (a fish, eel, etc) via a pot. 
v	(rugby, transitive) To score (a drop goal). 
n	(slang, uncountable) Marijuana. 
n	(slang, electronics) A simple electromechanical device used to control resistance or voltage (often to adjust sound volume) in an electronic device by rotating or sliding when manipulated by a human thumb, screwdriver, etc. 
v	(slang, broadcasting) To fade volume in or out by means of a potentiometer. 
n	(slang) Clipping of potbelly: a pot-shaped belly, a paunch. [A large, swollen, or protruding abdomen; a paunch. [from 18th c.]] 
n	(slang) Clipping of potshot: a haphazard shot; an easy or cheap shot. [A shot taken at an easy or random target.] 
n	(historical) Alternative form of pott: a former size of paper, 12.5 × 15 inches. [An old size of paper, 12.5 × 15 inches.] 
n	(role-playing games) Clipping of potion. [A small portion or dose of a liquid which is medicinal, poisonous, or magical.] 
