n	The ability to do or undergo something. 
n	(countable) The ability to affect or influence. 
n	Control or coercion, particularly legal or political (jurisdiction). 
n	(metonymically, chiefly in the plural) The people in charge of legal or political power, the government. 
n	(metonymically) An influential nation, company, or other such body. 
n	(metonymically, archaic) An army, a military force. 
n	Physical force or strength. 
n	Electricity or a supply of electricity. 
n	A measure of the rate of doing work or transferring energy. 
n	The strength by which a lens or mirror magnifies an optical image. 
n	(colloquial, dated) A large amount or number. 
n	Any of the elementary forms or parts of machines: three primary (the lever, inclined plane, and pulley) and three secondary (the wheel-and-axle, wedge, and screw). 
n	(physics, mechanics) A measure of the effectiveness that a force producing a physical effect has over time. If linear, the quotient of: (force multiplied by the displacement of or in an object) ÷ time. If rotational, the quotient of: (force multiplied by the angle of displacement) ÷ time. 
n	A product of equal factors (and generalizations of this notion): xⁿ, read as "x to the power of n" or the like, is called a power and denotes the product x⨯x⨯⋯⨯x, where x appears n times in the product; x is called the base and n the exponent. 
n	(set theory) Cardinality. 
n	(statistics) The probability that a statistical test will reject the null hypothesis when the alternative hypothesis is true. 
n	(biblical, in the plural) In Christian angelology, an intermediate level of angels, ranked above archangels, but exact position varies by classification scheme. 
v	(transitive) To provide power for (a mechanical or electronic device). 
v	(transitive) To hit or kick something forcefully. 
v	To enable or provide the impetus for. 
adj	(Singapore, colloquial) Impressive. 
n	A button of a computer, a video game console, or similar device, that when pressed, causes the device to be either shut down or powered up. 
n	A surname. 
