adj	Relating to now, for the time being; current. 
adj	Located in the immediate vicinity. 
adj	(obsolete) Having an immediate effect (of a medicine, poison etc.); fast-acting. 
adj	(obsolete) Not delayed; immediate; instant. 
adj	(dated) Ready; quick in emergency. 
adj	(obsolete) Favorably attentive; propitious. 
adj	Relating to something a person is referring to in the very context, with a deictic use similar to the demonstrative adjective this. 
adj	Attentive; alert; focused. 
n	The current moment or period of time. 
n	(grammar) The present tense. 
n	A gift, especially one given for birthdays, Christmas, anniversaries, graduations, weddings, or any other special occasions. 
n	(military) The position of a soldier in presenting arms. 
v	To bring (someone) into the presence of (a person); to introduce formally. 
v	(transitive) To nominate (a member of the clergy) for an ecclesiastical benefice; to offer to the bishop or ordinary as a candidate for institution. 
v	(transitive) To offer (a problem, complaint) to a court or other authority for consideration. 
v	(transitive, now rare) To charge (a person) with a crime or accusation; to bring before court. 
v	(reflexive) To come forward, appear in a particular place or before a particular person, especially formally. 
v	(transitive) To put (something) forward in order for it to be seen; to show, exhibit. 
v	(transitive) To make clear to one's mind or intelligence; to put forward for consideration. 
v	(transitive) To put on, stage (a play etc.). 
v	(transitive, military) To point (a firearm) at something, to hold (a weapon) in a position ready to fire. 
v	(reflexive) To offer oneself for mental consideration; to occur to the mind. 
v	(intransitive, medicine) To come to the attention of medical staff, especially with a specific symptom. 
v	(intransitive, medicine) To appear (in a specific way) for delivery (of a fetus); to appear first at the mouth of the uterus during childbirth. 
v	(intransitive, with "as") To appear or represent oneself (as having a certain gender). 
v	(transitive) To act as presenter on (a radio, television programme etc.). 
v	(transitive) To give a gift or presentation to (someone). 
v	(transitive) To give (a gift or presentation) to someone; to bestow. 
v	(transitive) To deliver (something abstract) as though as a gift; to offer. 
v	(transitive) To hand over (a bill etc.) to be paid. 
v	(intransitive, zoology) To display one's female genitalia in a way that signals to others that one is ready for copulation. Also referred to as lordosis behaviour. 
v	(fandom slang) In omegaverse fiction, to have one's secondary sex (alpha, omega, or beta) become apparent, typically at puberty. 
