n	An instance of applying pressure; an instance of pressing. 
n	(countable) A device used to apply pressure to an item. 
n	(countable) A printing machine. 
n	(uncountable, collective) The print-based media (both the people and the newspapers). 
n	(countable) A publisher. 
n	(countable, especially in Ireland and Scotland) An enclosed storage space (e.g. closet, cupboard). 
n	(countable, weightlifting) An exercise in which weight is forced away from the body by extension of the arms or legs. 
n	(countable, golf, gambling) An additional bet in a golf match that duplicates an existing (usually losing) wager in value, but begins even at the time of the bet. 
n	(countable) Pure, unfermented grape juice. 
n	A commission to force men into public service, particularly into the navy. 
n	(obsolete) A crowd. 
n	(psychology) In personology, any environmental factor that arouses a need in the individual. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To exert weight or force against, to act upon with force or weight; to exert pressure upon. 
v	(transitive, mechanics, electronics) To activate a button or key by exerting a downward or forward force on it, and then releasing it. 
v	(transitive) To compress, squeeze. 
v	(transitive) To clasp, hold in an embrace. 
v	(transitive) To reduce to a particular shape or form by pressure, especially flatten or smooth. 
v	(transitive, sewing) To flatten a selected area of fabric using an iron with an up-and-down, not sliding, motion, so as to avoid disturbing adjacent areas. 
v	(transitive) To drive or thrust by pressure, to force in a certain direction. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To weigh upon, oppress, trouble. 
v	(transitive) To force to a certain end or result; to urge strongly. 
v	To try to force (something upon someone). 
v	(transitive) To hasten, urge onward. 
v	(transitive) To urge, beseech, entreat. 
v	(transitive) To lay stress upon. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To throng, crowd. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To print. 
v	To force into service, particularly into naval service. 
n	A surname. 
