adj	First in importance, degree, or rank. 
adj	First in time, order, or sequence. 
adj	First in excellence, quality, or value. 
adj	(mathematics, lay) Having exactly two integral factors: itself and unity (1 in the case of integers). 
adj	(mathematics, technical) Such that if it divides a product, it divides one of the multiplicands. 
adj	(mathematics) Having its complement closed under multiplication: said only of ideals. 
adj	Marked or distinguished by the prime symbol. 
adj	Early; blooming; being in the first stage. 
adj	(obsolete) Lecherous, lewd, lustful. 
n	(historical) The first hour of daylight; the first canonical hour. 
n	(Christianity) The religious service appointed to this hour. 
n	(obsolete) The early morning generally. 
n	(now rare) The earliest stage of something. 
n	The most active, thriving, or successful stage or period. 
n	The chief or best individual or part. 
n	(music) The first note or tone of a musical scale. 
n	(fencing) The first defensive position, with the sword hand held at head height, and the tip of the sword at head height. 
n	(algebra, number theory) A prime element of a mathematical structure, particularly a prime number. 
n	(card games) A four-card hand containing one card of each suit in the game of primero; the opposite of a flush in poker. 
n	(backgammon) Six consecutive blocks, which prevent the opponent's pieces from passing. 
n	The symbol ′ used to indicate feet, minutes, derivation and other measures and mathematical operations. 
n	(chemistry, obsolete) Any number expressing the combining weight or equivalent of any particular element; so called because these numbers were respectively reduced to their lowest relative terms on the fixed standard of hydrogen as 1. 
n	An inch, as composed of twelve seconds in the duodecimal system. 
n	(obsolete) The priming in a flintlock. 
n	A feather, from the wing of the cock ostrich, that is of the palest possible shade. 
v	(transitive) To prepare a mechanism for its main work. 
v	(transitive) To apply a coat of primer paint to. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To be renewed. 
v	(intransitive) To serve as priming for the charge of a gun. 
v	(intransitive, of a steam boiler) To work so that foaming occurs from too violent ebullition, which causes water to become mixed with, and be carried along with, the steam that is formed. 
v	To apply priming to (a musket or cannon); to apply a primer to (a metallic cartridge). 
v	To prepare; to make ready; to instruct beforehand; to coach. 
v	(UK, dialect, obsolete) To trim or prune. 
v	(mathematics) To mark with a prime mark. 
n	(cycling) An intermediate sprint within a race, usually offering a prize and/or points. 
n	A surname. 
n	(film) Contraction of prime lens, a film lens. [(photography) A photographic lens with a constant focal length, as opposed to a zoom lens.] 
