v	(transitive, intransitive) To apply a force to (an object) so that it comes toward the person or thing applying the force. 
v	To gather with the hand, or by drawing toward oneself; to pluck. 
v	(transitive) To attract or net; to pull in. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, UK, Ireland, slang) To persuade (someone) to have sex with one. 
v	(transitive) To remove (something), especially from public circulation or availability. 
v	(transitive) To retrieve or generate for use. 
v	(construction) To obtain (a permit) from a regulatory authority. 
v	(transitive, informal) To do or perform. 
v	(with 'a' and the name of a person, place, event, etc.) To copy or emulate the actions or behaviour that is associated with the person or thing mentioned. 
v	To toss a frisbee with the intention of launching the disc across the length of a field. 
v	(intransitive) To row. 
v	(transitive, rowing) To achieve by rowing on a rowing machine. 
v	To draw apart; to tear; to rend. 
v	(transitive) To strain (a muscle, tendon, ligament, etc.). 
v	(video games, transitive, intransitive) To draw (a hostile non-player character) into combat, or toward or away from some location or target. 
v	(UK) To score a certain number of points in a sport. 
v	(horse-racing) To hold back, and so prevent from winning. 
v	(printing, dated) To take or make (a proof or impression); so called because hand presses were worked by pulling a lever. 
v	(cricket, golf) To strike the ball in a particular manner. (See noun sense.) 
v	(UK) To draw beer from a pump, keg, or other source. 
v	(intransitive) To take a swig or mouthful of drink. 
v	(rail transportation, US, of a railroad car) To pull out from a yard or station; to leave. 
v	(now chiefly Scotland, England and US regional) To pluck or pick (flowers, fruit etc.). 
n	An act of pulling (applying force toward oneself). 
n	An attractive force which causes motion towards the source. 
n	(figuratively, by extension) An advantage over somebody; a means of influencing. 
n	(uncountable, informal) The power to influence someone or something; sway, clout. 
n	Any device meant to be pulled, as a lever, knob, handle, or rope. 
n	(slang, dated) Something in one's favour in a comparison or a contest. 
n	Appeal or attraction (e.g. of a movie star). 
n	(Internet, uncountable) The situation where a client sends out a request for data from a server, as in server pull, pull technology 
n	A journey made by rowing. 
n	(dated) A contest; a struggle. 
n	An injury resulting from a forceful pull on a limb, etc.; a strain. 
n	(obsolete, poetic) Loss or violence suffered. 
n	(colloquial) The act of drinking; a mouthful or swig of a drink. 
n	(cricket) A type of stroke by which a leg ball is sent to the off side, or an off ball to the on side; a pull shot. 
n	(golf) A mishit shot which travels in a straight line and (for a right-handed player) left of the intended path. 
n	(printing, historical) A single impression from a handpress. 
n	(printing) A proof sheet. 
