v	(transitive, intransitive) To apply a force to (an object) such that it moves away from the person or thing applying the force. 
v	(transitive) To continually attempt to persuade (a person) into a particular course of action. 
v	(transitive) To press or urge forward; to drive. 
v	(transitive) To continually promote (a point of view, a product for sale, etc.). 
v	(intransitive) To continually exert oneself in order to achieve a goal. 
v	(informal, transitive) To approach; to come close to. 
v	(intransitive) To tense the muscles in the abdomen in order to give birth or defecate. 
v	(intransitive) To continue to attempt to persuade a person into a particular course of action. 
v	To make a higher bid at an auction. 
v	(poker) To make an all-in bet. 
v	(chess, transitive) To move (a pawn) directly forward. 
v	(computing) To add (a data item) to the top of a stack. 
v	(computing) To publish (an update, etc.) by transmitting it to other computers. 
v	(obsolete) To thrust the points of the horns against; to gore. 
v	To burst out of its pot, as a bud or shoot. 
v	(snooker) To strike the cue ball in such a way that it stays in contact with the cue and object ball at the same time (a foul shot). 
n	A short, directed application of force; an act of pushing. 
n	An act of tensing the muscles of the abdomen in order to expel its contents. 
n	A great effort (to do something). 
n	An attempt to persuade someone into a particular course of action. 
n	(military) A marching or drill maneuver/manoeuvre performed by moving a formation (especially a company front) forward or toward the audience, usually to accompany a dramatic climax or crescendo in the music. 
n	A wager that results in no loss or gain for the bettor as a result of a tie or even score 
n	(computing) The addition of a data item to the top of a stack. 
n	(Internet, uncountable) The situation where a server sends data to a client without waiting for a request. 
n	(slang, UK, obsolete, now chiefly Australia) A particular crowd or throng or people. 
n	(snooker) A foul shot in which the cue ball is in contact with the cue and the object ball at the same time 
n	(obsolete, UK, dialect) A pustule; a pimple. 
n	A surname. 
