n	(in general sense) Each of four equal parts into which something can be divided; a fourth part. 
n	(now chiefly historical) A measure of capacity used chiefly for grain or coal, varying greatly in quantity by time and location. 
n	A fourth part of a pound; approximately 113 grams. 
n	(historical) A measure of length; originally a fourth part of an ell, now chiefly a fourth part of a yard. 
n	(now historical) A fourth part of the night; one of the watches or divisions of the night. 
n	(now chiefly financial) A fourth part of the year; 3 months; a term or season. 
n	(time) A fourth part of an hour; a period of fifteen minutes, especially with reference to the quarter before or after the hour. 
n	(now chiefly historical) A fourth part of a hundredweight. 
n	(heraldry) A fourth part of a coat of arms, or the charge on it, larger than a canton and normally on the upper dexter side, formed by a perpendicular line from the top meeting a horizontal line from the side. 
n	(Canada, US) A quarter-dollar, divided into 25 cents; the coin of that value minted in the United States or Canada. 
n	(sports) One of four equal periods into which a game is divided. 
n	(Chester, historical) A quarter of an acre or 40 roods. 
n	A region or place. 
n	Each of four parts into which the earth or sky is divided, corresponding to the four cardinal points of the compass. 
n	A division or section of a town or city, especially having a particular character of its own, or associated with a particular group etc. 
n	One's residence or dwelling-place; (in plural) rooms, lodgings, especially as allocated to soldiers or domestic staff. 
n	(figuratively, archaic) A topic or area of endeavour. 
n	(nautical) The aftmost part of a vessel's side, roughly from the last mast to the stern. 
n	(farriery) The part on either side of a horse's hoof between the toe and heel, the side of its coffin. 
n	(often plural) A section (of a population), especially one having a particular set of values or interests. 
n	(obsolete) Relations between people. 
n	Accommodation given to a defeated opponent; mercy; exemption from being killed. 
n	(now rare, rugby, American football) A quarterback. 
n	(military slang, now rare) A quartermaster; a quartermaster sergeant. 
n	A quarterfinal. 
adj	Pertaining to an aspect of a quarter. 
adj	(chiefly) Consisting of a fourth part, a quarter (¹⁄₄, 25%). 
adj	(chiefly) Related to a three-month term, a quarter of a year. 
v	(transitive) To divide into quarters; to divide by four. 
v	(transitive) To provide housing for military personnel or other equipment. 
v	(intransitive) To lodge; to have a temporary residence. 
v	(transitive) To quartersaw. 
v	(obsolete) To drive a carriage so as to prevent the wheels from going into the ruts, or so that a rut shall be between the wheels. 
n	A village in South Lanarkshire council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NS7251). 
