n	A contest between people, animals, vehicles, etc. where the goal is to be the first to reach some objective. Example: Several horses run in a horse race, and the first one to reach the finishing post wins 
n	Swift progress; rapid motion; an instance of moving or driving at high speed. 
n	(computing) A race condition. 
n	A progressive movement toward a goal. 
n	A fast-moving current of water, such as that which powers a mill wheel. 
n	A water channel, esp. one built to lead water to or from a point where it is utilised. 
n	Competitive action of any kind, especially when prolonged; hence, career; course of life. 
n	The bushings of a rolling element bearing which contacts the rolling elements. 
v	(intransitive) To take part in a race (in the sense of a contest). 
v	(transitive) To compete against in such a race. 
v	(intransitive) To move or drive at high speed; to hurry or speed. 
v	(intransitive) Of a motor, to run rapidly when not engaged to a transmission. 
n	A large group of people distinguished from others on the basis of a common heritage (compare ethnic group). See Wikipedia's article on historical definitions of race. 
n	A large group of people distinguished from others on the basis of common physical characteristics, such as skin color or hair type. 
n	A large group of sentient beings distinguished from others on the basis of a common heritage (compare species, subspecies). 
n	A group or category distinguished from others on the basis of shared characteristics or qualities, for example social qualities. 
n	(biology) A population geographically separated from others of its species that develops significantly different characteristics; a mating group. 
n	(zoology) Subspecies. 
n	(animal husbandry) A breed or strain of domesticated animal. 
n	(mycology, bacteriology, informal) An infraspecific rank, a pathotype, pathovar, etc. 
n	(obsolete) Peculiar flavour, taste, or strength, as of wine; that quality, or assemblage of qualities, which indicates origin or kind, as in wine; hence, characteristic flavour. 
n	(obsolete) Characteristic quality or disposition. 
n	(archaic, uncountable) Ancestry. 
v	To assign a race to; to perceive as having a (usually specified) race. 
n	A rhizome or root, especially of ginger. 
n	A surname. 
v	Obsolete form of raze. [(transitive) To demolish; to level to the ground.] 
