adj	Favoring fundamental change, or change at the root cause of a matter. 
adj	(botany, not comparable) Pertaining to a root (of a plant). 
adj	Pertaining to the basic or intrinsic nature of something. 
adj	Thoroughgoing; far-reaching. 
adj	(lexicography, not comparable) Of or pertaining to the root of a word. 
adj	(phonology, phonetics, not comparable, of a sound) Produced using the root of the tongue. 
adj	(chemistry, not comparable) Involving free radicals. 
adj	(mathematics) Relating to a radix or mathematical root. 
adj	(slang, 1980s & 1990s) Excellent; awesome. 
n	(historical, 19th-century Britain) A member of the most progressive wing of the Liberal Party; someone favouring social reform (but generally stopping short of socialism). 
n	(historical, early 20th-century France) A member of an influential, centrist political party favouring moderate social reform, a republican constitution, and secular politics. 
n	A person with radical opinions. 
n	(arithmetic) A root (of a number or quantity). 
n	(linguistics) In logographic writing systems such as the Chinese writing system, the portion of a character (if any) that provides an indication of its meaning, as opposed to phonetic. 
n	(linguistics) In Celtic languages, refers to the basic, underlying form of an initial consonant which can be further mutated under the Celtic initial consonant mutations. 
n	(linguistics) In Semitic languages, any one of the set of consonants (typically three) that make up a root. 
n	(chemistry) A group of atoms, joined by covalent bonds, that take part in reactions as a single unit. 
n	(organic chemistry) A free radical. 
n	(algebra, commutative algebra, ring theory, of an ideal) Given an ideal I in a commutative ring R, another ideal, denoted Rad(I) or √, such that an element x ∈ R is in Rad(I) if, for some positive integer n, xⁿ ∈ I; equivalently, the intersection of all prime ideals containing I. 
n	(algebra, ring theory, of a ring) Given a ring R, an ideal containing elements of R that share a property considered, in some sense, "not good". 
n	(algebra, ring theory, of a module) The intersection of maximal submodules of a given module. 
n	(number theory) The product of the distinct prime factors of a given positive integer. 
