v	(intransitive) To extend, stretch, or thrust out (for example a limb or object held in the hand). 
v	(transitive) To give to someone by stretching out a limb, especially the hand; to give with the hand; to pass to another person; to hand over. 
v	(intransitive) To stretch out the hand. 
v	(transitive) To attain or obtain by stretching forth the hand; to extend some part of the body, or something held, so as to touch, strike, grasp, etc. 
v	(transitive, of a missile) To strike or touch. 
v	(transitive, by extension) To extend an action, effort, or influence to; to penetrate to; to pierce, or cut. 
v	(transitive) To extend to; to stretch out as far as; to touch by virtue of extent. 
v	(transitive) To arrive at (a place) by effort of any kind. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To make contact with. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To connect with (someone) on an emotional level, making them receptive of (one); to get through to (someone). 
v	(intransitive, India, Singapore) To arrive at a particular destination. 
v	(transitive) To continue living until or up to (a certain age). 
v	(obsolete) To understand; to comprehend. 
v	To strain after something; to make (sometimes futile or pretentious) efforts. 
v	(intransitive) To extend in dimension, time etc.; to stretch out continuously (past, beyond, above, from etc. something). 
v	(nautical) To sail on the wind, as from one point of tacking to another, or with the wind nearly abeam. 
v	(slang, MTE, MLE) To arrive at a particular destination, especially to join someone; to meet up. 
n	The act of stretching or extending; extension. 
n	The ability to reach or touch with the person, a limb, or something held or thrown. 
n	The power of stretching out or extending action, influence, or the like; power of attainment or management; extent of force or capacity. 
n	Extent; stretch; expanse; hence, application; influence; result; scope. 
n	(informal) An exaggeration; an extension beyond evidence or normal; a stretch. 
n	(boxing) The distance a boxer's arm can extend to land a blow. 
n	(nautical) Any point of sail in which the wind comes from the side of a vessel, excluding close-hauled. 
n	(nautical) The distance traversed between tacks. 
n	(nautical) A stretch of a watercourse which can be sailed in one reach (in the previous sense). An extended portion of water; a stretch; a straightish portion of a stream, river, or arm of the sea extending up into the land, as from one turn to another. By extension, the adjacent land. 
n	A level stretch of a watercourse, as between rapids in a river or locks in a canal. (examples?) 
n	An extended portion or area of land or water. 
n	(obsolete) An article to obtain an advantage. 
n	The pole or rod connecting the rear axle with the forward bolster of a wagon. 
v	(obsolete or dialect) Alternative form of retch. [To make an unsuccessful effort to vomit; to strain, as in vomiting.] 
n	(obsolete or dialect) Alternative form of retch. [An unsuccessful effort to vomit.] 
n	Acronym of Registration, Evaluation and Authorisation of Chemicals. 
