v	(transitive or intransitive) To look at and interpret letters or other information that is written. 
v	(transitive or intransitive) To speak aloud words or other information that is written. (often construed with a to phrase or an indirect object) 
v	(transitive) To read work(s) written by (a named author). 
v	(transitive) To interpret, or infer a meaning, significance, thought, intention, etc., from. 
v	To consist of certain text. 
v	(ergative) Of text, etc., to be interpreted or read in a particular way. 
v	(transitive) To substitute (a corrected piece of text in place of an erroneous one); used to introduce an emendation of a text. 
v	(informal, usually ironic) Used after a euphemism to introduce the intended, more blunt meaning of a term. 
v	(transitive, telecommunications) To be able to hear what another person is saying over a radio connection. 
v	(transitive, rail transport) To observe and comprehend (a displayed signal). 
v	(transitive, Commonwealth, except Scotland) To make a special study of, as by perusing textbooks. 
v	(computing, transitive) To fetch data from (a storage medium, etc.). 
v	(transitive, LGBT) To recognise (someone) as being transgender. 
v	(at first especially in the black LGBT community) To call attention to the flaws of (someone) in either a playful, a taunting, or an insulting way. 
v	(go) To imagine sequences of potential moves and responses without actually placing stones. 
v	(obsolete) To think, believe; to consider (that). 
v	(obsolete) To advise; to counsel. See rede. 
v	(obsolete) To tell; to declare; to recite. 
n	A reading or an act of reading, especially of an actor's part of a play or a piece of stored data. 
n	(in combination) Something to be read; a written work. 
n	A person's interpretation or impression of something. 
n	(at first especially in the black LGBT community) An instance of reading (“calling attention to someone's flaws; a taunt or insult”). 
n	(biochemistry) The identification of a specific sequence of genes in a genome or bases in a nucleic acid string 
n	A surname from Old English, a less common spelling variant of Reid. 
n	A male given name transferred from the surname. 
n	A village and civil parish in Ribble Valley district, Lancashire, England (OS grid ref SD7634). 
n	A township in Clayton County, Iowa, United States. 
n	A township in Butler County, Nebraska, United States. 
n	An unincorporated community in Randolph County, West Virginia, United States. 
