adj	Having red as its color. 
adj	(of hair) Having an orange-brown or orange-blond colour; ginger. 
adj	(of the skin) With a red hue due to embarrassment or sunburn. 
adj	(card games, of a card) Of the hearts or diamonds suits. Compare black (“of the spades or clubs suits”) 
adj	Left-wing parties and movements, chiefly socialist or communist, including the U.K. Labour party and the Social Democratic Party of Germany. 
adj	(US politics) The U.S. Republican Party. 
adj	(chiefly derogatory, offensive) Amerind; relating to Amerindians or First Nations 
adj	(astronomy) Of the lower-frequency region of the (typically visible) part of the electromagnetic spectrum which is relevant in the specific observation. 
adj	(particle physics) Having a color charge of red. 
n	(countable and uncountable) Any of a range of colours having the longest wavelengths, 670 nm, of the visible spectrum; a primary additive colour for transmitted light: the colour obtained by subtracting green and blue from white light using magenta and yellow filters; the colour of blood, ripe strawberries, etc. 
n	(countable) A revolutionary socialist or (most commonly) a Communist; (usually capitalized) a Bolshevik, a supporter of the Bolsheviks in the Russian Civil War. 
n	(countable, snooker) One of the 15 red balls used in snooker, distinguished from the colours. 
n	(countable and uncountable) Red wine. 
n	(countable) Any of several varieties of ale which are brewed with red or kilned malt, giving the beer a red colour. 
n	(countable, informal, Australia) A red kangaroo. 
n	(countable, informal, UK, birdwatching) A redshank. 
n	(derogatory, offensive) An American Indian. 
n	(slang) The drug secobarbital; a capsule of this drug. 
n	(informal) A red light (a traffic signal) 
n	(Ireland, UK, beverages, informal) Red lemonade 
n	(particle physics) One of the three color charges for quarks. 
n	(US, colloquial, uncountable) Chili con carne (usually in the phrase "bowl of red"). 
n	(informal) The redfish or red drum, Sciaenops ocellatus, a fish with reddish fins and scales. 
n	(slang, uncountable) Tomato ketchup. 
n	A Communist. 
n	A supporter of a sports team who wears red as part of their kit. 
n	A nickname given to someone who has or had red hair. 
adj	Communist 
v	Alternative spelling of redd [(obsolete) To free from entanglement.] 
n	Acronym of reverse electrodialysis. [The salinity gradient energy retrieved from the difference in the salt concentration between seawater and river water.] 
