n	A formal recording of names, events, transactions, etc. 
n	A book of such entries. 
n	An entry in such a book. 
n	The act of registering. 
n	A certificate issued by the collector of customs of a port or district to the owner of a vessel, containing the description of a vessel, its name, ownership, and other material facts. It is kept on board the vessel, to be used as evidence of nationality or as a muniment of title. 
n	One who registers or records; a registrar; especially, a public officer charged with the duty of recording certain transactions or events. 
n	A distinct horizontal (or, more rarely, vertical) section of a work of art or inscription that is divided into several such sections. 
n	A device that automatically records a quantity. 
n	(telecommunications) The part of a telegraphic apparatus that automatically records the message received. 
n	(telecommunications) A list of received calls in a phone set. 
n	(computing) A small unit of very fast memory that is directly accessible to the central processing unit, and is mostly used to store inputs, outputs, or intermediate results of computations. 
n	(printing) The exact alignment of lines, margins, and colors. 
n	(printing) The inner part of the mould in which types are cast. 
n	(music) The range of a voice or instrument. 
n	(music) An organ stop. 
n	(linguistics) A style of a language used in a particular context. 
n	A grille at the outflow of a ventilation duct, capable of being opened and closed to direct the air flow. 
v	(transitive) To enter in a register; to enlist. 
v	(transitive) To sign-up, especially to vote. 
v	(transitive) To record, especially in writing. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To buy the full version of trial software by providing one's details and payment. 
v	(transitive) To express outward signs. 
v	(transitive, mail) To record officially and handle specially. 
v	(transitive, especially printing) To make or adjust so as to be properly or precisely aligned. 
v	(intransitive) To place one's name, or have one's name placed in a register. 
v	(intransitive) To make an impression. 
v	(intransitive) To be in proper alignment; to align or correspond exactly. 
v	(law) To voluntarily sign over for safe keeping, abandoning complete ownership for partial. 
n	A surname. 
n	(chiefly US) Clipping of cash register. [A machine that tabulates the amount of sales transactions, makes a permanent and cumulative record of them, and has a drawer in which cash can be kept.] 
