adj	(Christianity) Bound by religious rule; belonging to a monastic or religious order (often as opposed to secular). 
adj	Having a constant pattern; showing evenness of form or appearance. 
adj	(geometry, of a polygon) Both equilateral and equiangular; having all sides of the same length, and all (corresponding) angles of the same size 
adj	(geometry, of a polyhedron) Whose faces are all congruent regular polygons, equally inclined to each other. 
adj	Demonstrating a consistent set of rules; showing order, evenness of operation or occurrence. 
adj	(astronomy) Of a moon or other satellite: following a relatively close and prograde orbit with little inclination or eccentricity. 
adj	(now rare) Well-behaved, orderly; restrained (of a lifestyle etc.). 
adj	Happening at constant (especially short) intervals. 
adj	(grammar, of a verb, plural, etc) Following a set or common pattern; according to the normal rules of a given language. 
adj	(chiefly US) Having the expected characteristics or appearances; normal, ordinary, standard. 
adj	(chiefly military) Permanently organised; being part of a set professional body of troops. 
adj	Having bowel movements or menstrual periods at constant intervals in the expected way. 
adj	(colloquial) Exemplary; excellent example of; utter, downright. 
adj	(botany, zoology) Having all the parts of the same kind alike in size and shape. 
adj	(crystallography) Isometric. 
adj	(snowboarding) Riding with the left foot forward. 
adj	(mathematical analysis, not comparable, of a Borel measure) Such that every set in its domain is both outer regular and inner regular. 
adv	(archaic, dialect, nonstandard) Regularly, on a regular basis. 
n	A member of the British Army (as opposed to a member of the Territorial Army or Reserve). 
n	A frequent, routine visitor to an establishment. 
n	A member of an armed forces or police force. 
n	A frequent customer, client or business partner. 
n	(Canada) A coffee with one cream and one sugar. 
n	Anything that is normal or standard. 
n	A member of a religious order who has taken the three ordinary vows. 
n	A number for each year, giving, added to the concurrents, the number of the day of the week on which the Paschal full moon falls. 
n	A fixed number for each month serving to ascertain the day of the week, or the age of the moon, on the first day of any month. 
