n	(uncountable, of a person or animal) Relief from work or activity by sleeping; sleep. 
n	(countable) Any relief from exertion; a state of quiet and relaxation. 
n	(uncountable) Peace; freedom from worry, anxiety, annoyances; tranquility. 
n	(uncountable, of an object or concept) A state of inactivity; a state of little or no motion; a state of completion. 
n	(euphemistic, uncountable) A final position after death. 
n	(music, countable) A pause of a specified length in a piece of music. 
n	(music, countable) A written symbol indicating such a pause in a musical score such as in sheet music. 
n	(physics, uncountable) Absence of motion. 
n	(snooker, countable) A stick with a U-, V- or X-shaped head used to support the tip of a cue when the cue ball is otherwise out of reach. 
n	(countable) Any object designed to be used to support something else. 
n	A projection from the right side of the cuirass of armour, serving to support the lance. 
n	A place where one may rest, either temporarily, as in an inn, or permanently, as, in an abode. 
n	(poetry) A short pause in reading poetry; a caesura. 
n	The striking of a balance at regular intervals in a running account. Often, specifically, the intervals after which compound interest is added to capital. 
n	(dated) A set or game at tennis. 
v	(intransitive) To cease from action, motion, work, or performance of any kind; stop; desist; be without motion. 
v	(intransitive) To come to a pause or an end; end. 
v	(intransitive) To be free from that which harasses or disturbs; be quiet or still; be undisturbed. 
v	(intransitive, transitive, reflexive, copulative) To be or to put into a state of rest. 
v	(intransitive) To stay, remain, be situated. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, reflexive) To lean, lie, or lay. 
v	(intransitive, transitive, law, US) To complete one's active advocacy in a trial or other proceeding, and thus to wait for the outcome (however, one is still generally available to answer questions, etc.) 
v	(intransitive) To sleep; slumber. 
v	(intransitive) To lie dormant. 
v	(intransitive) To sleep the final sleep; sleep in death; die; be dead. 
v	(intransitive) To rely or depend on. 
v	To be satisfied; to acquiesce. 
n	(uncountable) That which remains. 
n	Those not included in a proposition or description; the remainder; others. 
n	(UK, finance) A surplus held as a reserved fund by a bank to equalize its dividends, etc.; in the Bank of England, the balance of assets above liabilities. 
v	(no object, with complement) To continue to be, remain, be left in a certain way. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To keep a certain way. 
v	(obsolete, transitive, colloquial) To arrest. 
n	(computing) Acronym of representational state transfer. [(software architecture) A way of providing interoperability between computer systems on the Internet based on textual representations of Web resources and a predefined set of stateless operations.] 
n	(linguistics) Acronym of Revised Extended Standard Theory. 
