adj	Opposite, contrary; going in the opposite direction. 
adj	Pertaining to engines, vehicle movement etc. moving in a direction opposite to the usual direction. 
adj	(rail transport, of points) To be in the non-default position; to be set for the lesser-used route. 
adj	Turned upside down; greatly disturbed. 
adj	(botany) Reversed. 
adj	(genetics) In which cDNA synthetization is obtained from an RNA template. 
adv	(now rare) In a reverse way or direction; in reverse; upside-down. 
n	The opposite of something. 
n	The act of going backwards; a reversal. 
n	A piece of misfortune; a setback. 
n	(numismatics) The tails side of a coin, or the side of a medal or badge that is opposite the obverse. 
n	The side of something facing away from a viewer, or from what is considered the front; the other side. 
n	The gear setting of an automobile that makes it travel backwards. 
n	A thrust in fencing made with a backward turn of the hand; a backhanded stroke. 
n	(surgery) A turn or fold made in bandaging, by which the direction of the bandage is changed. 
v	(transitive) To turn something around so that it faces the opposite direction or runs in the opposite sequence. 
v	(transitive) To turn something inside out or upside down. 
v	(transitive) To transpose the positions of two things. 
v	(transitive) To change totally; to alter to the opposite. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To return, come back. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To turn away; to cause to depart. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To cause to return; to recall. 
v	(law) To revoke a law, or to change a decision into its opposite. 
v	(ergative) To cause a mechanism or a vehicle to operate or move in the opposite direction to normal. 
v	(chemistry) To change the direction of a reaction such that the products become the reactants and vice-versa. 
v	(rail transport, transitive) To place (a set of points) in the reverse position. 
v	(rail transport, intransitive, of points) To move from the normal position to the reverse position. 
v	(aviation, transitive) To engage reverse thrust on (an engine). 
v	To overthrow; to subvert. 
v	(computing) Short for reverse-engineer. [To derive or duplicate the design, technical specifications, manufacturing methods, or functionality of an object by studying an existing product, prototype, etc.] 
