adj	(archaic) Straight, not bent. 
adj	(geometry) Of an angle, having a size of 90 degrees, or one quarter of a complete rotation; the angle between two perpendicular lines. 
adj	(geometry) Of a geometric figure, incorporating a right angle between edges, faces, axes, etc. 
adj	Complying with justice, correctness or reason; correct, just, true. 
adj	Appropriate, perfectly suitable; fit for purpose. 
adj	Healthy, sane, competent. 
adj	Real; veritable (used emphatically). 
adj	(Australia) All right; not requiring assistance. 
adj	(dated) Most favourable or convenient; fortunate. 
adj	Designating the side of the body which is positioned to the east if one is facing north. This arrow points to the reader's right: → 
adj	(geography) Designating the bank of a river (etc.) on one's right when facing downstream (i.e. facing forward while floating with the current); that is, the south bank of a river that flows eastward. If this arrow: ⥴ shows the direction of the current, the tilde is on the right side of the river. 
adj	Designed to be placed or worn outward. 
adj	(politics) Pertaining to the political right; conservative. 
adv	On the right side. 
adv	Towards the right side. 
adv	Exactly, precisely. 
adv	Immediately, directly. 
adv	(Britain, US, dialect) Very, extremely, quite. 
adv	According to fact or truth; actually; truly; really. 
adv	In a correct manner. 
adv	(dated, still used in some titles) To a great extent or degree. 
n	That which complies with justice, law or reason. 
n	A legal, just or moral entitlement. 
n	The right side or direction. 
n	The right hand or fist. 
n	The authority to perform, publish, film, or televise a particular work, event, etc.; a copyright. 
n	(politics) The ensemble of right-wing political parties; political conservatives as a group. 
n	The outward or most finished surface, as of a coin, piece of cloth, a carpet, etc. 
n	(surfing) A wave breaking from right to left (viewed from the shore). 
v	(transitive) To correct. 
v	(transitive) To set upright. 
v	(intransitive) To return to normal upright position. 
v	(transitive) To do justice to; to relieve from wrong; to restore rights to; to assert or regain the rights of. 
