v	To move upwards. 
v	To grow upward; to attain a certain height. 
v	To slope upward. 
v	(of a celestial body) To appear to move upwards from behind the horizon of a planet as a result of the planet's rotation. 
v	To become erect; to assume an upright position. 
v	To leave one's bed; to get up. 
v	(figuratively) To be resurrected. 
v	(figuratively) To terminate an official sitting; to adjourn. 
v	To attain a higher status. 
v	Of a quantity, price, etc., to increase. 
v	To become more and more dignified or forcible; to increase in interest or power; said of style, thought, or discourse. 
v	To ascend on a musical scale; to take a higher pitch. 
v	To become active, effective or operational, especially in response to an external or internal stimulus. 
v	To develop. 
v	To swell or puff up in the process of fermentation; to become light. 
v	(of a river) To have its source (in a particular place). 
v	To become perceptible to the senses, other than sight. 
v	To become agitated, opposed, or hostile; to go to war; to take up arms; to rebel. 
v	To come to mind; to be suggested; to occur. 
v	(transitive) To go up; to ascend; to climb. 
v	(transitive) To cause to go up or ascend. 
v	(obsolete) To retire; to give up a siege. 
v	To come; to offer itself. 
v	(printing, dated) To be lifted, or capable of being lifted, from the imposing stone without dropping any of the type; said of a form. 
n	The process of or an action or instance of moving upwards or becoming greater. 
n	The process of or an action or instance of coming to prominence. 
n	(chiefly UK, also Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa) An increase in a quantity, price, etc. 
n	The amount of material extending from waist to crotch in a pair of trousers or shorts. 
n	(Sussex) A small hill; used chiefly in place names. 
n	An area of terrain that tends upward away from the viewer, such that it conceals the region behind it; a slope. 
n	(informal) A very noticeable visible or audible reaction of a person or group. 
n	(architecture) The height of an arch or a step. 
n	A surname. 
n	(UK, Ireland, Australia, rest of Commonwealth, sometimes Canada) Ellipsis of pay rise.: an increase in wage or salary. [(UK, Ireland, Australia, rest of Commonwealth, sometimes Canada) An increase in salary or wages.] 
n	Alternative form of rice (“twig”) [(uncountable) Cereal plants, Oryza sativa of the grass family whose seeds are used as food.] 
