n	(uncountable) The naturally occurring aggregate of solid mineral matter that constitutes a significant part of the earth's crust. 
n	A mass of stone projecting out of the ground or water. 
n	(chiefly British) A boulder or large stone; or (US, Canada) a smaller stone; a pebble. 
n	(geology) Any natural material with a distinctive composition of minerals. 
n	(slang) A precious stone or gem, especially a diamond. 
n	A large hill or island having no vegetation. 
n	(figuratively) Something that is strong, stable, and dependable; a person who provides security or support to another. 
n	A lump or cube of ice. 
n	(Britain, uncountable) A type of confectionery made from sugar in the shape of a stick, traditionally having some text running through its length. 
n	(US, slang) A crystallized lump of crack cocaine. 
n	(US, slang) An unintelligent person, especially one who repeats mistakes. 
n	(South Africa, slang, derogatory) An Afrikaner. 
n	(US poker slang) An extremely conservative player who is willing to play only the very strongest hands. 
n	The striped bass. 
n	The huss or rock salmon. 
n	(US, basketball, slang) A basketball. 
n	(US, baseball, slang) A mistake. 
n	(curling) Synonym of stone. 
n	(rock paper scissors) A closed hand (a handshape resembling a rock), that beats scissors and loses to paper. It beats lizard and loses to Spock in rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. 
n	(informal, cricket) A cricket ball, especially a new one that has not been softened by use 
n	(CB radio slang) A crystal used to control the radio frequency. 
v	(transitive and intransitive) To move gently back and forth. 
v	(transitive) To cause to shake or sway violently. 
v	(intransitive) To sway or tilt violently back and forth. 
v	(transitive and intransitive, of ore etc.) To be washed and panned in a cradle or in a rocker. 
v	(transitive) To disturb the emotional equilibrium of; to distress; to greatly impact (most often positively). 
v	(intransitive) To do well or to be operating at high efficiency. 
v	(intransitive) to be cool. 
v	(slang, transitive, euphemistic) to make love to or have sex with. 
v	(intransitive) To sway one's body as a stim. 
n	An act of rocking; a rocking motion; a sway. 
n	A style of music characterized by basic drum-beat, generally 4/4 riffs, based on (usually electric) guitar, bass guitar, drums, and vocals. 
v	(intransitive) To play, perform, or enjoy rock music, especially with a lot of skill or energy. 
v	(intransitive, slang) To be very favourable or skilful; excel; be fantastic. 
v	(transitive) To thrill or excite, especially with rock music. 
v	(transitive) To do something with excitement yet skillfully. 
v	(transitive) To wear (a piece of clothing, outfit etc.) successfully or with style; to carry off (a particular look, style). 
n	(countable) Distaff. 
n	(uncountable) The flax or wool on a distaff. 
n	A topographic surname from Middle English for someone living near a rock or an oak ( atter + oke ). 
n	A male given name transferred from the surname. 
n	Any of three villages in England. 
n	A village and civil parish in Wyre Forest district, Worcestershire (OS grid ref SO7371). 
n	(preceded by "the" or "The") Nickname of Gibraltar. 
n	(Australia, preceded by "the" or "The") Nickname of Uluru. 
n	(preceded by "the" or "The") Nickname of the prison on Alcatraz Island, USA. 
n	(Canada, preceded by "the" or "The") Nickname of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. 
