v	(transitive) To cause to revolve by turning over and over; to move by turning on an axis; to impel forward by causing to turn over and over on a supporting surface. 
v	(intransitive) To turn over and over. 
v	(intransitive) To tumble in gymnastics; to do a somersault. 
v	(transitive) To wrap (something) round on itself; to form into a spherical or cylindrical body by causing to turn over and over. 
v	(transitive) To bind or involve by winding, as in a bandage; to enwrap; often with up. 
v	(intransitive) To be wound or formed into a cylinder or ball. 
v	(ergative) To drive or impel forward with an easy motion, as of rolling. 
v	(ergative) To utter copiously, especially with sounding words; to utter with a deep sound; — often with forth, or out. 
v	(transitive) To press or level with a roller; to spread or form with a roll, roller, or rollers. 
v	(intransitive) To spread itself under a roller or rolling-pin. 
v	(ergative) To move, or cause to be moved, upon, or by means of, rollers or small wheels. 
v	(chiefly US, Canada, colloquial, intransitive) To leave or begin a journey. 
v	(chiefly US, Canada, colloquial, intransitive) To compete, especially with vigor. 
v	(transitive) To beat with rapid, continuous strokes, as a drum; to sound a roll upon. 
v	(geometry) To apply (one line or surface) to another without slipping; to bring all the parts of (one line or surface) into successive contact with another, in such a manner that at every instant the parts that have been in contact are equal. 
v	(transitive) To turn over in one's mind; to revolve. 
v	(US, slang, intransitive) To behave in a certain way; to adopt a general disposition toward a situation. 
v	(dice games, intransitive) To throw dice. 
v	(dice games, transitive) To roll dice such that they form a given pattern or total. 
v	(role-playing games) To create a new character in a role-playing game, especially by using dice to determine properties. 
v	(intransitive, computing) To generate a random number. 
v	(intransitive, aviation, nautical, of an aircraft or vessel) To rotate about the fore-and-aft axis, causing its sides to go up and down. Compare pitch. 
v	(intransitive, in folk songs) To travel by sailing. 
v	(transitive) To beat up; to assault. 
v	(transitive, slang) To cause to betray secrets or to testify for the prosecution. 
v	(intransitive, slang) To betray secrets. 
v	(slang, intransitive) To be under the influence of MDMA (a psychedelic stimulant, also known as ecstasy). 
v	(transitive, intransitive, of a camera) To (cause to) film. 
v	(transitive, soccer) To slip past (a defender) with the ball. 
v	(intransitive) To have a rolling aspect. 
v	(figuratively, intransitive) To perform a periodical revolution; to move onward as with a revolution. 
v	(intransitive) To move, like waves or billows, with alternate swell and depression. 
v	(figuratively, intransitive) to move and cause an effect on someone 
v	(intransitive) To make a loud or heavy rumbling noise. 
v	(transitive) To utter with an alveolar trill. 
v	(transitive, US) To enrobe in toilet-paper (as a prank or spectacle). 
v	(transitive) To create a customized version of. 
v	(transitive, martial arts) To engage in sparring in the context of jujitsu or other grappling disciplines. 
v	(intransitive, shipping) To load ocean freight cargo onto a vessel other than the one it was meant to sail on. 
n	The act or result of rolling, or state of being rolled. 
n	A forward or backward roll in gymnastics; going head over heels. A tumble. 
n	A heavy cylinder used to break clods. 
n	One of a set of revolving cylinders, or rollers, between which metal is pressed, formed, or smoothed, as in a rolling mill. 
n	A swagger or rolling gait. 
n	A heavy, reverberatory sound. 
n	The uniform beating of a drum with strokes so rapid as scarcely to be distinguished by the ear. 
n	(nautical, aviation) The oscillating movement of a nautical vessel as it rotates from side to side, about its fore-and-aft axis, causing its sides to go up and down, as distinguished from the alternate rise and fall of bow and stern called pitching; or the equivalent in an aircraft. 
n	(nautical) The measure or extent to which a vessel rotates from side to side, about its fore-and-aft axis. 
n	The rotation angle about the longitudinal axis. 
n	An instance of the act of rolling an aircraft through one or more complete rotations about its longitudinal axis. 
n	The act of, or total resulting from, rolling one or more dice. 
n	A winning streak of continuing luck, especially at gambling (and especially in the phrase on a roll). 
n	A training match for a fighting dog. 
n	(US, paddlesport) An instance of the act of righting a canoe or kayak which has capsized, without exiting the watercraft, or being assisted. 
n	(paddlesport) The skill of righting a canoe or kayak which has capsized, without exiting the watercraft, or being assisted. 
n	(finance) Any of various financial instruments or transactions that involve opposite positions at different expiries, "rolling" a position from one expiry to another. 
n	That which is rolled up. 
n	A document written on a piece of parchment, paper, or other materials which may be rolled up; a scroll. 
n	An official or public document; a register; a record. 
n	A catalogue or list, (especially) one kept for official purposes. 
n	A quantity of cloth wound into a cylindrical form. 
n	A cylindrical twist of tobacco. 
n	A kind of shortened raised biscuit or bread, often rolled or doubled upon itself; see also bread roll. 
n	(obsolete) A part; an office; a duty; a role. 
n	A measure of parchments, containing five dozen. 
n	A diminutive of the male given name Roland. 
n	A surname. 
