n	Any of several stiff plants of the genus Juncus, or the family Juncaceae, having hollow or pithy stems and small flowers, and often growing in marshes or near water. 
n	The stem of such plants used in making baskets, mats, the seats of chairs, etc. 
n	The merest trifle; a straw. 
n	A wick. 
n	A sudden forward motion. 
n	A surge. 
n	General haste. 
n	A rapid, noisy flow. 
n	(military) A sudden attack; an onslaught. 
n	(video games) The strategy of attacking an opponent with a large swarm of weak units, rather than spending time developing their abilities. 
n	(contact sports) The act of running at another player to block or disrupt play. 
n	(American football, dated) A rusher; a lineman. 
n	A sudden, brief exhilaration, for instance the pleasurable sensation produced by a stimulant. 
n	(university slang) A regulated period of recruitment in fraternities and sororities. 
n	(university slang) A person attempting to join a fraternity or sorority as part of a rush. 
n	(US, dated, university slang) A perfect recitation. 
n	(croquet) A roquet in which the object ball is sent to a particular location on the lawn. 
v	(transitive or intransitive) To hurry; to perform a task with great haste. 
v	(intransitive) To flow or move forward rapidly or noisily. 
v	(intransitive, soccer) To dribble rapidly. 
v	(transitive or intransitive, contact sports) To run directly at another player in order to block or disrupt play. 
v	(transitive) To cause to move or act with unusual haste. 
v	(intransitive, military) To make a swift or sudden attack. 
v	(military) To swiftly attack without warning. 
v	(video games, slang, transitive) To attack (an opponent) with a large swarm of units. 
v	(transitive) To transport or carry quickly. 
v	(transitive or intransitive, croquet) To roquet an object ball to a particular location on the lawn. 
v	(transitive or intransitive, university slang) To attempt to join a fraternity or sorority, often involving a hazing or initiation process. 
v	(US, slang, dated) To recite (a lesson) or pass (an examination) without an error. 
v	(intransitive, music) To play at a faster tempo than one is supposed to or than the other musicians one is playing with, or to inadvertently gradually increase tempo while one is playing. 
adj	Performed with, or requiring urgency or great haste, or done under pressure. 
n	An English surname originating as an occupation for someone who made things from rushes. 
n	A coastal town in Fingal, County Dublin, Ireland. 
n	An unincorporated community in El Paso County, Colorado, United States. 
n	An unincorporated community in Boyd County and Carter County, Kentucky, United States. 
n	A town in Monroe County, New York, United States. 
n	(computing) A dialect of the programming language PL/I. 
