n	(obsolete) A ladder; a series of steps; a means of ascending. 
n	An ordered, usually numerical sequence used for measurement, means of assigning a magnitude. 
n	Size; scope. 
n	The ratio of depicted distance to actual distance. 
n	A line or bar associated with a drawing, used to indicate measurement when the image has been magnified or reduced. 
n	(music) A series of notes spanning an octave, tritave, or pseudo-octave, used to make melodies. 
n	A mathematical base for a numeral system; radix. 
n	Gradation; succession of ascending and descending steps and degrees; progressive series; scheme of comparative rank or order. 
n	A standard amount of money to be received by a performer or writer, negotiated by a union. 
v	(transitive) To change the size of something whilst maintaining proportion; especially to change a process in order to produce much larger amounts of the final product. 
v	(transitive) To climb to the top of. 
v	(intransitive, computing) To tolerate significant increases in throughput or other potentially limiting factors. 
v	(transitive) To weigh, measure or grade according to a scale or system. 
n	Part of an overlapping arrangement of many small, flat and hard pieces of keratin covering the skin of an animal, particularly a fish or reptile. 
n	A small piece of pigmented chitin, many of which coat the wings of a butterfly or moth to give them their color. 
n	A flake of skin of an animal afflicted with dermatitis. 
n	Part of an overlapping arrangement of many small, flat and hard protective layers forming a pinecone that flare when mature to release pine nut seeds. 
n	The flaky material sloughed off heated metal. 
n	Scale mail (as opposed to chain mail). 
n	Limescale. 
n	A scale insect. 
n	The thin metallic side plate of the handle of a pocketknife. 
v	(transitive) To remove the scales of. 
v	(intransitive) To become scaly; to produce or develop scales. 
v	(transitive) To strip or clear of scale; to descale. 
v	(transitive) To take off in thin layers or scales, as tartar from the teeth; to pare off, as a surface. 
v	(intransitive) To separate and come off in thin layers or laminae. 
v	(UK, Scotland, dialect) To scatter; to spread. 
v	(transitive) To clean, as the inside of a cannon, by the explosion of a small quantity of powder. 
n	A device to measure mass or weight. 
n	Either of the pans, trays, or dishes of a balance or scales. 
