adj	Number-two; following after the first one with nothing between them. The ordinal number corresponding to the cardinal number two. 
adj	Next to the first in value, power, excellence, dignity, or rank; secondary; subordinate; inferior. 
adj	Being of the same kind as one that has preceded; another. 
adv	(with superlative) After the first; at the second rank. 
adv	After the first occurrence but before the third. 
n	Something that is number two in a series. 
n	Something that is next in rank, quality, precedence, position, status, or authority. 
n	The place that is next below or after first in a race or contest. 
n	(usually in the plural) A manufactured item that, though still usable, fails to meet quality control standards. 
n	(usually in the plural) An additional helping of food. 
n	A chance or attempt to achieve what should have been done the first time, usually indicating success this time around. (See second-guess.) 
n	(music) The interval between two adjacent notes in a diatonic scale (either or both of them may be raised or lowered from the basic scale via any type of accidental). 
n	The second gear of an engine. 
n	(baseball) Second base. 
n	The agent of a party to an honour dispute whose role was to try to resolve the dispute or to make the necessary arrangements for a duel. 
n	A Cub Scout appointed to assist the sixer. 
n	(informal) A second-class honours degree. 
v	(transitive) To agree as a second person to (a proposal), usually to reach a necessary quorum of two. (See under [[#Etymology 3]] for translations.) 
v	To follow in the next place; to succeed. 
v	(climbing) To climb after a lead climber. 
n	One-sixtieth of a minute; the SI unit of time, defined as the duration of 9,192,631,770 periods of radiation corresponding to the transition between two hyperfine levels of caesium-133 in a ground state at a temperature of absolute zero and at rest. 
n	A unit of angle equal to one-sixtieth of a minute of arc or one part in 3600 of a degree. 
n	(informal) A short, indeterminate amount of time. 
v	(transitive, UK) To transfer temporarily to alternative employment. 
v	(transitive) To assist or support; to back. 
v	(transitive) To agree as a second person to (a proposal), usually to reach a necessary quorum of two. (This may come from the English adjective above.) 
v	(transitive, music) To accompany by singing as the second performer. 
n	One who supports another in a contest or combat, such as a dueller's assistant. 
n	One who supports or seconds a motion, or the act itself, as required in certain meetings to pass judgement etc. 
n	(obsolete) Aid; assistance; help. 
