n	(sports) An act of putting the ball or shuttlecock in play in various games. 
n	(chiefly Australia) A portion of food or drink, a serving. 
n	(gay slang and African-American Vernacular) An impressive presentation (especially of a person's appearance). 
v	(transitive) To be a formal servant for (a god or deity); to worship in an official capacity. 
v	(transitive) To be a servant for; to work for, to be employed by. 
v	(transitive) To wait upon (someone) at table; to set food and drink in front of, to help (someone) to food, meals etc. 
v	(intransitive) To be a servant or worker; to perform the duties of a servant or employee; to render service. 
v	(transitive) To set down (food or drink) on the table to be eaten; to bring (food, drink) to a person. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To treat (someone) in a given manner. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To be suitor to; to be the lover of. 
v	(transitive) To be useful to; to meet the needs of. 
v	(intransitive) To have a given use or purpose; to function for something or to do something. 
v	(intransitive) To usefully take the place as, instead of something else. 
v	To officially deliver (a legal notice, summons etc.). 
v	To make legal service upon (a person named in a writ, summons, etc.) 
v	(transitive, intransitive, sports) To lead off with the first delivery over the net in tennis, volleyball, ping pong, badminton etc. 
v	(transitive) To copulate with (of male animals); to cover. 
v	(intransitive) To be in military service. 
v	(transitive, military) To work, to operate (a weapon). 
v	(transitive) To work through (a given period of time in prison, a sentence). 
v	(nautical) To wind spun yarn etc. tightly around (a rope or cable, etc.) so as to protect it from chafing or from the weather. 
v	(transitive) To perform (a public obligation). 
v	(transitive, intransitive, slang, drugs) To provide crack cocaine (to), usually by selling, dealing, or distributing. 
v	(intransitive) To present an attractive personal appearance. 
v	(transitive) To attractively display something (especially a body part) as part of one's personal appearance. 
v	(transitive) To evoke something (especially a person) with one's personal appearance. 
