v	(transitive) To determine (something which was exposed to doubt or question); to resolve conclusively; to set or fix (a time, an order of succession, etc). 
v	(transitive) To conclude, to cause (a dispute) to finish. 
v	(transitive) To close, liquidate or balance (an account) by payment, sometimes of less than is owed or due. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To pay (a bill). 
v	(intransitive) To adjust differences or accounts; to come to an agreement on matters in dispute. 
v	(intransitive) To conclude a lawsuit by agreement of the parties rather than a decision of a court. 
v	(transitive) To put into (proper) place; to make sit or lie properly. 
v	(transitive) To cause to no longer be in a disturbed, confused or stormy; to quiet; to calm (nerves, waters, a boisterous or rebellious child, etc). 
v	(Britain, dialectal) To silence, especially by force. 
v	To kill. 
v	(transitive) To bring or restore (ground, roads, etc) to a smooth, dry, or passable condition. 
v	(intransitive) To become calm, quiet, or orderly; to stop being agitated. 
v	(intransitive) To become firm, dry, and hard, like the ground after the effects of rain or frost have disappeared. 
v	(transitive) To place in(to) a fixed or permanent condition or position or on(to) a permanent basis; to make firm, steady, or stable; to establish or fix. 
v	(transitive) In particular, to establish in life; to fix in business, in a home, etc. 
v	(transitive, law) To formally, legally secure (an annuity, property, title, etc) on (a person). 
v	(intransitive) To become married, or a householder. 
v	(intransitive, with "in") To be established in a profession or in employment. 
v	(intransitive, usually with "down", "in", "on" or another preposition) To become stationary or fixed; to come to rest. 
v	(intransitive) To fix one's residence in a place; to establish a dwelling place, home, or colony. (Compare settle down.) 
v	(transitive, in particular) To colonize (an area); to migrate to (a land, territory, site, etc). 
v	(transitive) To move (people) to (a land or territory), so as to colonize it; to cause (people) to take residence in (a place). 
v	(transitive) To clear or purify (a liquid) of dregs and impurities by causing them to sink. 
v	(transitive) To cause to sink down or to be deposited (dregs, sediment, etc). 
v	(transitive) To render compact or solid; to cause to become packed down. 
v	(intransitive) To sink to the bottom of a body of liquid, as dregs of a liquid, or the sediment of a reservoir. 
v	(intransitive) To sink gradually to a lower level; to subside, for example the foundation of a house, etc. 
v	(intransitive) To become compact due to sinking. 
v	(intransitive) To become clear due to the sinking of sediment. (Used especially of liquid. also used figuratively.) 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To make a jointure for a spouse. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) Of an animal: to make or become pregnant. 
n	(archaic) A seat of any kind. 
n	(now rare) A long bench with a high back and arms, often with chest or storage space underneath. 
n	(obsolete) A place made lower than the rest; a wide step or platform lower than some other part. (Compare a depression.) 
n	A town and civil parish in Craven district, North Yorkshire, England (OS grid ref SD816640). 
n	An unincorporated community in Allen County, Kentucky, United States. 
n	A habitational surname from Old English. 
