adj	Terminating in a point or edge, especially one that can cut easily; not obtuse or rounded. 
adj	(colloquial) Intelligent. 
adj	(music) Higher than usual by one semitone (denoted by the symbol ♯ after the name of the note). 
adj	(music) Higher in pitch than required. 
adj	Having an intense, acrid flavour. 
adj	Sudden and intense. 
adj	(colloquial) Illegal or dishonest. 
adj	(colloquial) Keenly or unduly attentive to one's own interests; shrewd. 
adj	Exact, precise, accurate; keen. 
adj	Offensive, critical, or acrimonious. 
adj	(colloquial) Stylish or attractive. 
adj	Observant; alert; acute. 
adj	Forming a small angle; especially, forming an angle of less than ninety degrees. 
adj	Steep; precipitous; abrupt. 
adj	(mathematics, of a statement) Said of as extreme a value as possible. 
adj	(chess) Tactical; risky. 
adj	Piercing; keen; severe; painful. 
adj	Eager or keen in pursuit; impatient for gratification. 
adj	(obsolete) Fierce; ardent; fiery; violent; impetuous. 
adj	Composed of hard, angular grains; gritty. 
adj	(phonetics, dated) Uttered in a whisper, or with the breath alone; aspirated; unvoiced. 
adj	(obsolete) Hungry. 
adv	To a point or edge; piercingly; eagerly; sharply. 
adv	(not comparable) Exactly. 
adv	(music) In a higher pitch than is correct or desirable. 
n	(music) The symbol ♯, placed after the name of a note in the key signature or before a note on the staff to indicate that the note is to be played a semitone higher. 
n	(music) A note that is played a semitone higher than usual; denoted by the name of the note that is followed by the symbol ♯. 
n	(music) A note that is sharp in a particular key. 
n	(music) The scale having a particular sharp note as its tonic. 
n	(medicine) A hypodermic syringe. 
n	(medicine, dated) A scalpel or other edged instrument used in surgery. 
n	A sharp tool or weapon. 
n	A dishonest person; a cheater. 
n	Part of a stream where the water runs very rapidly. 
n	A sewing needle with a very slender point, more pointed than a blunt or a between. 
n	(in the plural) Fine particles of husk mixed with coarse particle of flour of cereals; middlings. 
n	(slang, dated) An expert. 
n	A sharpie (member of Australian gangs of the 1960s and 1970s). 
v	(music) To raise the pitch of a note half a step making a natural note a sharp. 
v	To play tricks in bargaining; to act the sharper. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To sharpen. 
n	A surname. 
n	A Japanese and Taiwanese multinational corporation that designs and manufactures electronic products, headquartered in Sakai, Japan. 
n	An unincorporated community in Ozark County, Missouri, United States. 
n	Acronym of skinhead against racial prejudice. 
