n	A protective covering for the foot, with a bottom part composed of thick leather or plastic sole and often a thicker heel, and a softer upper part made of leather or synthetic material. Shoes generally do not extend above the ankle, as opposed to boots, which do. 
n	A piece of metal designed to be attached to a horse's foot as a means of protection; a horseshoe. 
n	(card games) A device for holding multiple decks of playing cards, allowing more games to be played by reducing the time between shuffles. 
n	A band of iron or steel, or a ship of wood, fastened to the bottom of the runner of a sleigh, or any vehicle which slides on the snow. 
n	A drag, or sliding piece of wood or iron, placed under the wheel of a loaded vehicle, to retard its motion in going down a hill. 
n	The part of a railroad car brake which presses upon the wheel to retard its motion. 
n	(architecture) A trough-shaped or spout-shaped member, put at the bottom of the water leader coming from the eaves gutter, so as to throw the water off from the building. 
n	A trough or spout for conveying grain from the hopper to the eye of the millstone. 
n	An inclined trough in an ore-crushing mill. 
n	An iron socket or plate to take the thrust of a strut or rafter. 
n	An iron socket to protect the point of a wooden pile. 
n	(engineering) A plate, or notched piece, interposed between a moving part and the stationary part on which it bears, to take the wear and afford means of adjustment; called also slipper and gib. 
n	Part of a current collector on electric trains which provides contact either with a live rail or an overhead wire (fitted to a pantograph in the latter case). 
n	(historical) An ingot of gold or silver shaped somewhat like a traditional Chinese shoe, formerly used in trade in the Far East. 
n	The outer cover or tread of a pneumatic tire, especially for an automobile. 
n	(by extension, slang) A pneumatic tire, especially for an automobile. 
v	To put shoes on one's feet. 
v	To put horseshoes on a horse. 
v	To equip an object with a protection against wear. 
n	A surname. 
