v	(transitive) To fire (a weapon that releases a projectile). 
v	(transitive) To fire (a projectile). 
v	(transitive) To fire a projectile at (a person or target). 
v	(intransitive) To cause a weapon to discharge a projectile. 
v	(intransitive) To hunt birds, etc. with a gun. 
v	(transitive) To hunt on (a piece of land); to kill game in or on. 
v	(gambling) To throw dice. 
v	(transitive, slang) To ejaculate. 
v	(intransitive, usually, as imperative) To begin to speak. 
v	(intransitive) To discharge a missile; said of a weapon. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To dismiss or do away with. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, analogous) To photograph. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, analogous, film, television) To film. 
v	(transitive) To push or thrust a bolt quickly; hence, to open a lock. 
v	(intransitive) To move very quickly and suddenly. 
v	To go over or pass quickly through. 
v	(transitive) To tip (something, especially coal) down a chute. 
v	(transitive) To penetrate, like a missile; to dart with a piercing sensation. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To feel a quick, darting pain; to throb in pain. 
v	(obsolete) To change form suddenly; especially, to solidify. 
v	To send out or forth, especially with a rapid or sudden motion; to cast with the hand; to hurl; to discharge; to emit. 
v	(informal, transitive) To send to someone. 
v	(wrestling) To lunge. 
v	(professional wrestling) To deviate from kayfabe, either intentionally or accidentally; to actually connect with unchoreographed fighting blows and maneuvers, or speak one's mind (instead of an agreed script). 
v	To make the stated score. 
v	(surveying) To measure the distance and direction to (a point). 
v	(transitive, intransitive, colloquial) To inject a drug (such as heroin) intravenously. 
v	To germinate; to bud; to sprout. 
v	To grow; to advance. 
v	(nautical) To move ahead by force of momentum, as a sailing vessel when the helm is put hard alee. 
v	(transitive) To travel or ride on (breaking waves) rowards the shore. 
v	To push or thrust forward; to project; to protrude; often with out. 
v	To protrude; to jut; to project; to extend. 
v	(carpentry) To plane straight; to fit by planing. 
v	To variegate as if by sprinkling or intermingling; to color in spots or patches.ᵂ 
v	(card games) To shoot the moon. 
v	(aviation) To carry out, or attempt to carry out (an approach to an airport runway). 
v	To carry out a seismic survey with geophones in an attempt to detect oil. 
n	The emerging stem and embryonic leaves of a new plant. 
n	A photography session. 
n	A hunt or shooting competition. 
n	(professional wrestling, slang) An event that is unscripted or legitimate. 
n	The act of shooting; the discharge of a missile; a shot. 
n	A rush of water; a rapid. 
n	(weaving) A weft thread shot through the shed by the shuttle; a pick. 
n	A shoat; a young pig. 
n	(mining) A vein of ore running in the same general direction as the lode. 
n	An inclined plane, either artificial or natural, down which timber, coal, ore, etc., are caused to slide; a chute. 
n	(card games) The act of taking all point cards in one hand. 
n	A seismic survey carried out with geophones in an attempt to detect oil. 
