adj	Having a small distance from one end or edge to another, either horizontally or vertically. 
adj	(of a person) Of comparatively small height. 
adj	Having little duration. 
adj	(followed by for) Of a word or phrase, constituting an abbreviation (for another) or shortened form (of another). 
adj	(cricket, of a fielder or fielding position) that is relatively close to the batsman. 
adj	(cricket, of a ball) bowled so that it bounces relatively far from the batsman. 
adj	(golf, of an approach shot or putt) that falls short of the green or the hole. 
adj	(gambling) Of betting odds, offering a small return for the money wagered. 
adj	(baking, of pastries, metallurgy) Brittle, crumbly. (See shortbread, shortcake, shortcrust, shortening, hot short, cold-short.) 
adj	Abrupt; brief; pointed; petulant. 
adj	Limited in quantity; inadequate; insufficient; scanty. 
adj	Insufficiently provided; inadequately supplied, especially with money; scantily furnished; lacking. 
adj	Deficient; less; not coming up to a measure or standard. 
adj	(colloquial) Undiluted; neat. 
adj	(obsolete) Not distant in time; near at hand. 
adj	(finance) Being in a financial investment position that is structured to be profitable if the price of the underlying security declines in the future. 
adj	(by extension) Doubtful of, skeptical of. 
adj	(finance, dated) Of money: given in the fewest possible notes, i.e. those of the largest denomination. 
adv	Abruptly, curtly, briefly. 
adv	Unawares. 
adv	Without achieving a goal or requirement. 
adv	(cricket, of the manner of bounce of a cricket ball) Relatively far from the batsman and hence bouncing higher than normal; opposite of full. 
adv	(finance) With a negative ownership position. 
n	A short circuit. 
n	A short film. 
n	A short version of a garment in a particular size. 
n	(baseball) A shortstop. 
n	(finance) A short seller. 
n	(finance) A short sale or short position. 
n	A summary account. 
n	(phonetics) A short sound, syllable, or vowel. 
n	(programming) An integer variable having a smaller range than normal integers; usually two bytes long. 
n	(US, slang) An automobile; especially in crack shorts, to break into automobiles. 
v	(transitive) To cause a short circuit in (something). 
v	(intransitive, of an electrical circuit) To short circuit. 
v	(transitive) To shortchange. 
v	(transitive, informal) To provide with a smaller than agreed or labeled amount. 
v	(transitive, business) To sell something, especially securities, that one does not own at the moment for delivery at a later date in hopes of profiting from a decline in the price; to sell short. 
v	(obsolete) To shorten. 
n	A surname. 
