n	The part of the human torso forming a relatively horizontal surface running away from the neck. 
n	(anatomy) The joint between the arm and the torso, sometimes including the surrounding muscles, tendons, and ligaments. 
n	A cut of meat comprising the upper joint of the foreleg and the surrounding muscle. 
n	The portion of a garment where the shoulder is clothed. 
n	Anything forming a shape resembling a human shoulder. 
n	A usually unsealed strip of land bordering a road, where vehicles can drive or park in an emergency. 
n	The portion of a hill or mountain just below the peak. 
n	A lateral protrusion of a hill or mountain. 
n	The angle of a bastion included between the face and flank. 
n	An abrupt projection which forms an abutment on an object, or limits motion, etc., such as the projection around a tenon at the end of a piece of timber. 
n	(printing) The flat portion of type that is below the bevelled portion that joins up with the face. 
n	(music) The rounded portion of a stringed instrument where the neck joins the body. 
n	The rounded portion of a bottle where the neck meets the body. 
n	(firearms) The angled section between the neck and the main body of a cartridge. 
n	(figuratively) That which supports or sustains; support. 
n	The part of a key between the cuts and the bow. 
n	(surfing) The part of a wave that has not yet broken. 
n	(aviation) A season or a time of day when there is relatively little air traffic. 
v	(transitive) To push (a person or thing) using one's shoulder. 
v	(transitive) To put (something) on one's shoulders. 
v	(transitive) To place (something) against one's shoulders. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To bear a burden, as a financial obligation. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To accept responsibility for. 
v	(transitive) To form a shape resembling a shoulder. 
v	(intransitive) To move by or as if by using one's shoulders. 
v	(transitive) To round and slightly raise the top edges of slate shingles so that they form a tighter fit at the lower edge and can be swung aside to expose the nail. 
v	(intransitive) To slope downwards from the crest and whitewater portion of a wave. 
v	(transitive, archaic, slang) Of a servant: to embezzle money from (the employer). 
