n	(sometimes also used uncountably) A perceptible (e.g. visible) indication. 
n	(Canada, US, Australia, uncountable) Physical evidence left by an animal. 
n	A clearly visible object, generally flat, bearing a short message in words or pictures. 
n	A wonder; miracle; prodigy. 
n	(astrology) An astrological sign. 
n	(mathematics) Positive or negative polarity, as denoted by the + or - sign. 
n	A specific gesture or motion used to communicate by those with speaking or hearing difficulties; now specifically, a linguistic unit in sign language equivalent to word in spoken languages. 
n	(uncountable) Sign language in general. 
n	A semantic unit, something that conveys meaning or information (e.g. a word of written language); (linguistics, semiotics) a unit consisting of a signifier and a signified concept. (See sign (semiotics).) 
n	An omen. 
n	(medicine) A property of the body that indicates a disease and, unlike a symptom, can be detected objectively by someone other than the patient. 
n	A military emblem carried on a banner or standard. 
v	(transitive, now rare) To seal (a document etc.) with an identifying seal or symbol. 
v	(transitive) To mark, to put or leave a mark on. 
v	(transitive) To validate or ratify (a document) by writing one's signature on it. 
v	(transitive) More generally, to write one's signature on (something) as a means of identification etc. 
v	(transitive or reflexive) To write (one's name) as a signature. 
v	(intransitive) To write one's signature. 
v	(intransitive) To finalise a contractual agreement to work for a given sports team, record label etc. 
v	(transitive) To engage (a sports player, musician etc.) in a contract. 
v	(transitive) To bless (someone or something) with the sign of the cross; to mark with the sign of the cross. 
v	(reflexive) To cross oneself. 
v	(intransitive) To communicate using a gesture or signal. 
v	(transitive) To communicate or make known (a meaning, intention, etc.) by a sign. 
v	(transitive) To communicate using gestures to (someone). 
v	(intransitive) To use sign language. 
v	(transitive) To furnish (a road etc.) with signs. 
v	To determine the sign of 
v	(transitive) To calculate or derive whether a quantity has a positive or negative sign. 
