v	(ergative) To descend or submerge (or to cause to do so) into a liquid or similar substance. 
v	(transitive) To (directly or indirectly) cause a vessel to sink, generally by making it no longer watertight. 
v	(transitive) To push (something) into something. 
v	(transitive) To make by digging or delving. 
v	(transitive, snooker, pool, billiards, golf) To pot; hit a ball into a pocket or hole. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively, of the human heart) To experience apprehension, disappointment, dread, or momentary depression. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To cause to decline; to depress or degrade. 
v	(intransitive) To demean or lower oneself; to do something below one's status, standards, or morals. 
v	(transitive, slang, archaic) To conceal and appropriate. 
v	(transitive, slang, archaic) To keep out of sight; to suppress; to ignore. 
v	(transitive, slang) To drink (especially something alcoholic). 
v	(transitive, slang) To pay absolutely. 
v	(transitive, slang, archaic) To reduce or extinguish by payment. 
v	(intransitive) To be overwhelmed or depressed; to fail in strength. 
v	(intransitive, archaic) To die. 
v	(intransitive) To decrease in volume, as a river; to subside; to become diminished in volume or in apparent height. 
n	A basin used for holding water for washing. 
n	A drain for carrying off wastewater. 
n	(geology) A sinkhole. 
n	A depression in land where water collects, with no visible outlet. 
n	A heat sink. 
n	A place that absorbs resources or energy. 
n	(ecology) A habitat that cannot support a population on its own but receives the excess of individuals from some other source. 
n	(uncountable) Descending motion; descent. 
n	(baseball) The motion of a sinker pitch. 
n	(computing, programming) An object or callback that captures events; an event sink. 
n	(graph theory) A destination vertex in a transportation network. 
n	An abode of degraded persons; a wretched place. 
n	A depression in a stereotype plate. 
n	(theater) A stage trapdoor for shifting scenery. 
n	(mining) An excavation smaller than a shaft. 
n	(game development) One or several systems that remove currency from the game's economy, thus controlling or preventing inflation. 
n	A surname. 
