n	(uncountable) The outer protective layer of the body of any animal, including of a human. 
n	(uncountable) The outer protective layer of the fruit of a plant. 
n	(countable) The skin and fur of an individual animal used by humans for clothing, upholstery, etc. 
n	(countable) A congealed layer on the surface of a liquid. 
n	(countable, computing, graphical user interface) A set of resources that modifies the appearance and/or layout of the graphical user interface of a computer program. 
n	(countable, video games) An alternate appearance (texture map or geometry) for a character model in a video game. 
n	(countable, slang) Rolling paper for cigarettes. 
n	(Australia) A subgroup of Australian aboriginal people; such divisions are cultural and not related to an individual′s physical skin. 
n	(slang) Bare flesh, particularly bare breasts. 
n	A vessel made of skin, used for holding liquids. 
n	(nautical) That part of a sail, when furled, which remains on the outside and covers the whole. 
n	(nautical) The covering, as of planking or iron plates, outside the framing, forming the sides and bottom of a vessel; the shell; also, a lining inside the framing. 
n	(aviation) The outer surface covering much of the wings and fuselage of an aircraft. 
n	A drink of whisky served hot. 
n	(slang, Ireland, Britain) person, chap 
n	(UK, thieves slang, obsolete) A purse. 
v	(transitive) To injure the skin of. 
v	(transitive) To remove the skin and/or fur of an animal or a human. 
v	(colloquial) To high five. 
v	(transitive, computing, colloquial) To apply a skin to (a computer program). 
v	(UK, soccer, transitive) To use tricks to go past a defender. 
v	(intransitive) To become covered with skin. 
v	(transitive) To cover with skin, or as if with skin; hence, to cover superficially. 
v	(US, slang, archaic) To produce, in recitation, examination, etc., the work of another for one's own, or to use cribs, memoranda, etc., which are prohibited. 
v	(slang, dated) To strip of money or property; to cheat. 
n	(countable, slang) Clipping of skinhead. [Someone with a shaved head.] 
