v	(ergative) To (cause to) move in continuous contact with a surface. 
v	(intransitive) To move on a low-friction surface. 
v	(intransitive, baseball) To drop down and skid into a base. 
v	(intransitive) To lose one’s balance on a slippery surface. 
v	(transitive) To pass or put imperceptibly; to slip. 
v	(transitive) To subtly direct a facial expression at (someone). 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To pass inadvertently. 
v	(intransitive) To pass along smoothly or unobservedly; to move gently onward without friction or hindrance. 
v	(intransitive, finance) To decrease in amount or value. 
v	(music) To smoothly pass from one note to another by bending the pitch upwards or downwards. 
v	(regional) To ride down snowy hills upon a toboggan or similar object for recreation. 
v	(intransitive, slang) To go; to move from one place or to another. 
v	(soccer) To kick so that the ball slides along the ground with little or no turning. 
n	An item of play equipment that children can climb up and then slide down again. 
n	A surface of ice, snow, butter, etc. on which someone can slide for amusement or as a practical joke. 
n	The falling of large amounts of rubble, earth and stones down the slope of a hill or mountain; avalanche. 
n	An inclined plane on which heavy bodies slide by the force of gravity, especially one constructed on a mountainside for conveying logs by sliding them down. 
n	A mechanism consisting of a part which slides on or against a guide. 
n	The act of sliding; smooth, even passage or progress. 
n	A lever that can be moved in two directions. 
n	A valve that works by sliding, such as in a trombone. 
n	(photography) A transparent plate bearing an image to be projected to a screen. 
n	(by extension, computing) A page of a computer presentation package such as PowerPoint. 
n	(sciences) A flat, usually rectangular piece of glass or similar material on which a prepared sample may be viewed through a microscope Generally referred to as a microscope slide. 
n	(baseball) The act of dropping down and skidding into a base 
n	(music, guitar) A hand-held device made of smooth, hard material, used in the practice of slide guitar. 
n	(traditional Irish music and dance) A lively dance from County Kerry, in 12/8 time. 
n	(geology) A small dislocation in beds of rock along a line of fissure. 
n	(music) A grace consisting of two or more small notes moving by conjoint degrees, and leading to a principal note either above or below. 
n	(phonetics) A sound which, by a gradual change in the position of the vocal organs, passes imperceptibly into another sound. 
n	A clasp or brooch for a belt, etc. 
n	A pocket in one's pants (trousers). 
n	(footwear) A shoe that is backless and open-toed. 
n	(speech therapy) A voluntary stutter used as a technique to control stuttering in one's speech. 
n	(vulgar slang) A promiscuous woman, slut. 
