n	(uncountable) The visible vapor/vapour, gases, and fine particles given off by burning or smoldering material. 
n	(colloquial, countable) A cigarette. 
n	(colloquial, uncountable) Anything to smoke (e.g. cigarettes, marijuana, etc.) 
n	(colloquial, countable, never plural) An instance of smoking a cigarette, cigar, etc.; the duration of this act. 
n	(uncountable, figuratively) A fleeting illusion; something insubstantial, evanescent, unreal, transitory, or without result. 
n	(uncountable, figuratively) Something used to obscure or conceal; an obscuring condition; see also smoke and mirrors. 
n	(uncountable) A light grey colour/color tinted with blue. 
n	(uncountable, slang) Bother; problems; hassle. 
n	(military, uncountable) A particulate of solid or liquid particles dispersed into the air on the battlefield to degrade enemy ground or for aerial observation. Smoke has many uses--screening smoke, signaling smoke, smoke curtain, smoke haze, and smoke deception. Thus it is an artificial aerosol. 
n	(baseball, slang) A fastball. 
n	(countable) A distinct column of smoke, such as indicating a burning area or fire. 
v	(transitive) To inhale and exhale the smoke from a burning cigarette, cigar, pipe, etc. 
v	(intransitive) To inhale and exhale tobacco smoke. 
v	(intransitive) To give off smoke. 
v	(intransitive) Of a fire in a fireplace: to emit smoke outward instead of up the chimney, owing to imperfect draught. 
v	(transitive) To preserve or prepare (food) for consumption by treating with smoke. 
v	(transitive) To dry or medicate by smoke. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To fill or scent with smoke; hence, to fill with incense; to perfume. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To make unclear or blurry. 
v	(intransitive, slang, chiefly as present participle) To perform (e.g. music) energetically or skillfully. 
v	(US, Canada, New Zealand, slang) To beat someone at something. 
v	(transitive, US, slang) To kill, especially with a gun. 
v	(transitive, slang, obsolete) To thrash; to beat. 
v	(obsolete, transitive) To smell out; to hunt out; to find out; to detect. 
v	(slang, obsolete, transitive) To ridicule to the face; to mock. 
v	To burn; to be kindled; to rage. 
v	To raise a dust or smoke by rapid motion. 
v	To suffer severely; to be punished. 
v	(transitive, US military slang) To punish (a person) for a minor offense by excessive physical exercise. 
v	(transitive) To cover (a key blank) with soot or carbon to aid in seeing the marks made by impressioning. 
n	(Britain, slang, with "the") London. 
n	The 44th sura (chapter) of the Qur'an. 
