n	A quick breaking or cracking sound or the action of producing such a sound. 
n	A sudden break. 
n	An attempt to seize, bite, attack, or grab. 
n	The act of snapping the fingers; making a sound by pressing a finger against the thumb and suddenly releasing to strike the hand. 
n	A fastening device that makes a snapping sound when used. 
n	(informal) A photograph; a snapshot. 
n	The sudden release of something held under pressure or tension. 
n	A thin circular cookie or similar baked good. 
n	A brief, sudden period of a certain weather; used primarily in the phrase cold snap. 
n	A very short period of time (figuratively, the time taken to snap one's fingers), or a task that can be accomplished in such a period. 
n	A snap bean such as Phaseolus vulgaris. 
n	(American football) A backward pass or handoff of a football from its position on the ground that puts the ball in play; a hike. 
n	(colloquial) A rivet: a scrapbooking embellishment. 
n	(fishing) A small device resembling a safety pin, used to attach the bait or lure to the line. 
n	(UK, regional) A small meal, a snack; lunch. 
n	(uncountable) A card game, primarily for children, in which players cry "snap" to claim pairs of matching cards as they are turned up. 
n	(obsolete) A greedy fellow. 
n	That which is, or may be, snapped up; something bitten off, seized, or obtained by a single quick movement; hence, a bite, morsel, or fragment; a scrap. 
n	briskness; vigour; energy; decision 
n	(slang, archaic) Any circumstance out of which money may be made or an advantage gained. used primarily in the phrase soft snap. 
n	(slang) Something that is easy or effortless. 
n	A snapper, or snap beetle. 
n	(physics, humorous) jounce (the fourth derivative of the position vector with respect to time), followed by crackle and pop 
n	A quick offhand shot with a firearm; a snap shot. 
n	(colloquial) Something of no value. 
n	(social media) A visual message sent through the Snapchat application. 
n	(Linux) A package provided for the application sandboxing system snapd developed by Canonical. 
n	(uncountable) A crisp or pithy quality; epigrammatic point or force. 
n	A tool used by riveters. 
n	A tool used by glass-moulders. 
n	(slang, dated) A brief theatrical engagement. 
n	(slang, dated) A cheat or sharper. 
n	A newsflash. 
v	(intransitive, transitive) To fracture or break apart suddenly. 
v	(intransitive) To give forth or produce a sharp cracking noise; to crack. 
v	(intransitive) To attempt to seize or bite with the teeth, beak, etc. 
v	(intransitive) To attempt to seize with eagerness. 
v	(intransitive) To speak abruptly or sharply. 
v	(intransitive) To give way abruptly and loudly. 
v	(intransitive) To suffer a mental breakdown, usually while under tension. 
v	(intransitive) To flash or appear to flash as with light. 
v	(intransitive) To fit or fasten together with a snapping sound. 
v	(intransitive, computing, graphical user interface) To jump to a fixed position relative to another element. 
v	(transitive) To snatch with or as if with the teeth. 
v	(transitive) To pull apart with a snapping sound; to pop loose. 
v	(transitive) To say abruptly or sharply. 
v	(transitive, dated) To speak to abruptly or sharply; to treat snappishly; usually with up. 
v	(transitive) To cause something to emit a snapping sound, especially by closing it rapidly. 
v	(transitive) To close something using a snap as a fastener. 
v	(transitive) To snap one's fingers: to make a snapping sound, often by pressing the thumb and an opposing finger of the same hand together and suddenly releasing the grip so that the finger hits against the palm; alternatively, by bringing the index finger quickly down onto the middle finger and thumb. 
v	(transitive) To cause to move suddenly and smartly. 
v	(transitive) To take a photograph; to release a camera's shutter (which may make a snapping sound). 
v	(social media, transitive) To send a visual message through the Snapchat application. 
v	(transitive, American football) To put (a football) in play by a backward pass or handoff from its position on the ground; to hike (a football). 
v	To misfire. 
v	(cricket, transitive) To catch out sharply (a batsman who has just snicked a bowled ball). 
adj	(informal, attributive) Done, made, performed, etc., quickly and unexpectedly, or without deliberation. 
n	(US) Acronym of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. [(US) a federal program that provides food-purchasing assistance for low-income individuals] 
n	(computing) Acronym of Subnetwork Access Protocol. 
n	(computing) Acronym of Scalable Network Application Package. 
n	(computing) Acronym of Symbolic Network Analysis Program. 
n	(biochemistry) Acronym of soluble NSF attachment protein. 
