n	(now rare, archaic) Free time; leisure, opportunity. 
n	A specific (specified) period of time. 
n	An undefined period of time (without qualifier, especially a short period); a while. 
n	Distance between things. 
n	Physical extent across two or three dimensions (sometimes for or to do something). 
n	Physical extent in all directions, seen as an attribute of the universe (now usually considered as a part of space-time), or a mathematical model of this. 
n	The near-vacuum in which planets, stars and other celestial objects are situated; the universe beyond the earth's atmosphere. 
n	The physical and psychological area one needs within which to live or operate; personal freedom. 
n	A (chiefly empty) area or volume with set limits or boundaries. 
n	(music) A position on the staff or stave bounded by lines. 
n	A gap in text between words, lines etc., or a digital character used to create such a gap. 
n	(letterpress typography) A piece of metal type used to separate words, cast lower than other type so as not to take ink, especially one that is narrower than one en (compare quad). 
n	A gap; an empty place. 
n	(geometry) A set of points, each of which is uniquely specified by a number (the dimensionality) of coordinates. 
n	(countable, mathematics) A generalized construct or set whose members have some property in common; typically there will be a geometric metaphor allowing these members to be viewed as "points". Often used with a restricting modifier describing the members (e.g. vector space), or indicating the inventor of the construct (e.g. Hilbert space). 
n	(countable, figuratively) A field, area, or sphere of activity or endeavour. 
n	Anything analogous to a physical space in which one can interact, such as an online chat room. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To roam, walk, wander. 
v	(transitive) To set some distance apart. 
v	To insert or utilise spaces in a written text. 
v	(transitive, science fiction) To eject into outer space, usually without a space suit. 
v	(intransitive, science fiction) To travel into and through outer space. 
n	A surname. 
