v	(aviation, of an aircraft) To enter, or remain in, a spin (abnormal stalled flight mode). 
v	(aviation, of a pilot) To cause one's aircraft to enter or remain in a spin (abnormal stalled flight mode). 
v	(transitive) To make yarn by twisting and winding fibers together. 
v	(figuratively) To present, describe, or interpret, or to introduce a bias or slant, so as to give something a favorable or advantageous appearance. 
v	(cricket, of a bowler) To make the ball move sideways when it bounces on the pitch. 
v	(cricket, of a ball) To move sideways when bouncing. 
v	(cooking) To form into thin strips or ribbons, as with sugar 
v	To form (a web, a cocoon, silk, etc.) from threads produced by the extrusion of a viscid, transparent liquid, which hardens on coming into contact with the air; said of the spider, the silkworm, etc. 
v	To shape, as malleable sheet metal, into a hollow form, by bending or buckling it by pressing against it with a smooth hand tool or roller while the metal revolves, as in a lathe. 
v	To move swiftly. 
v	To stream or issue in a thread or a small current or jet. 
v	(computing, programming, intransitive) To wait in a loop until some condition becomes true. 
v	(transitive, informal) To play (vinyl records, etc.) as a disc jockey. 
v	To use an exercise bicycle, especially as part of a gym class. 
v	To ride a bicycle at a fast cadence. 
v	(UK, law enforcement, slang, transitive) To search rapidly. 
n	Rapid circular motion. 
n	(physics) A quantum angular momentum associated with subatomic particles, which also creates a magnetic moment. 
n	(countable, uncountable) A favourable comment or interpretation intended to bias opinion on an otherwise unpleasant situation. 
n	(sports) Rotation of the ball as it flies through the air; sideways movement of the ball as it bounces. 
n	(aviation) A condition of flight where a stalled aircraft is simultaneously pitching, yawing, and rolling in a spinning motion. 
n	(mechanical engineering) An abnormal condition in journal bearings where the bearing seizes to the rotating shaft and rotates inside the journal, destroying both the shaft and the journal. 
n	A brief trip by vehicle, especially one made for pleasure. 
n	A bundle of spun material; a mass of strands and filaments. 
n	A single play of a record by a radio station. 
n	(UK, prison slang) A search of a prisoner's cell for forbidden articles. 
n	(dated) An unmarried woman; a spinster. 
n	(uncountable) The use of an exercise bicycle, especially as part of a gym class. 
n	(informal, used among autistic people) Special interest of an autistic person. 
n	(nautical) Short for spinnaker. [(nautical) A sail supplemental to the mainsail, especially a triangular one, used on yachts for running before the wind.] 
