n	A round or irregular patch on the surface of a thing having a different color, texture etc. and generally round in shape. 
n	A stain or disfiguring mark. 
n	A pimple, papule or pustule. 
n	A small, unspecified amount or quantity. 
n	(slang, US) A bill of five-dollar or ten-dollar denomination in dollars. 
n	A location or area. 
n	A parking space. 
n	(sports) An official determination of placement. 
n	A bright lamp; a spotlight. 
n	(US, advertising) A brief advertisement or program segment on television. 
n	A difficult situation. 
n	(gymnastics, dance, weightlifting) One who spots (supports or assists a maneuver, or is prepared to assist if safety dictates); a spotter. 
n	(soccer) Penalty spot. 
n	The act of spotting or noticing something. 
n	A variety of the common domestic pigeon, so called from a spot on its head just above the beak. 
n	A food fish (Leiostomus xanthurus) of the Atlantic coast of the United States, with a black spot behind the shoulders and fifteen oblique dark bars on the sides. 
n	The southern redfish, or red horse (Sciaenops ocellatus), which has a spot on each side at the base of the tail. 
n	(in the plural, brokers' slang, dated) Commodities, such as merchandise and cotton, sold for immediate delivery. 
n	An autosoliton. 
n	(finance) A decimal point; point. 
n	Any of various points marked on the table, from which balls are played, in snooker, pool, billiards, etc. 
n	Any of the balls marked with spots in the game of pool, which one player aims to pot, the other player taking the stripes. 
v	(transitive) To see, find; to pick out, notice, locate, distinguish or identify. 
v	(US, slang) To loan a small amount of money to someone. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To stain; to leave a spot (on). 
v	To remove, or attempt to remove, a stain. 
v	To retouch a photograph on film to remove minor flaws. 
v	(gymnastics, dance, weightlifting, climbing) To support or assist a maneuver, or to be prepared to assist if safety dictates. 
v	(dance) To keep the head and eyes pointing in a single direction while turning. 
v	To stain; to blemish; to taint; to disgrace; to tarnish, as reputation. 
v	To cut or chip (timber) in preparation for hewing. 
v	(transitive, chiefly snooker and billiards) To place an object at a location indicated by a spot. 
v	(aviation, military, transitive) To position (an aircraft) on the deck of an aircraft carrier ready for launch by catapult. 
v	(rail transport, transitive) To position (a locomotive or car) at a predetermined point, e.g., for loading or unloading. 
adj	(commerce, finance) Available on the spot; for immediate payment or delivery. 
n	A popular given name for a dog. 
