v	(transitive) To stretch out, open out (a material etc.) so that it more fully covers a given area of space. 
v	(transitive) To extend (individual rays, limbs etc.); to stretch out in varying or opposing directions. 
v	(transitive) To disperse, to scatter or distribute over a given area. 
v	(intransitive) To proliferate; to become more widely present, to be disseminated. 
v	(transitive) To disseminate; to cause to proliferate, to make (something) widely known or present. 
v	(intransitive) To take up a larger area or space; to expand, be extended. 
v	(transitive) To smear, to distribute in a thin layer. 
v	(transitive) To cover (something) with a thin layer of some substance, as of butter. 
v	To prepare; to set and furnish with provisions. 
v	(intransitive, slang) To open one’s legs, especially for sexual favours. 
n	The act of spreading. 
n	Something that has been spread. 
n	(cartomancy) A layout, pattern or design of cards arranged for a reading. 
n	An expanse of land. 
n	A large tract of land used to raise livestock; a cattle ranch. 
n	A piece of material used as a cover (such as a bedspread). 
n	A large meal, especially one laid out on a table. 
n	(bread, etc.) Any form of food designed to be spread, such as butters or jams. 
n	(military) A set of multiple torpedoes launched on side-by-side, slowly-diverging paths toward one or more enemy ships. 
n	(prison slang, uncountable) Food improvised by inmates from various ingredients to relieve the tedium of prison food. 
n	An item in a newspaper or magazine that occupies more than one column or page. 
n	Two facing pages in a book, newspaper etc. 
n	A numerical difference. 
n	(business, economics) The difference between the wholesale and retail prices. 
n	(trading, economics, finance) The difference between the price of a futures month and the price of another month of the same commodity. 
n	(trading, finance) The purchase of a futures contract of one delivery month against the sale of another futures delivery month of the same commodity. 
n	(trading, finance) The purchase of one delivery month of one commodity against the sale of that same delivery month of a different commodity. 
n	(trading) An arbitrage transaction of the same commodity in two markets, executed to take advantage of a profit from price discrepancies. 
n	(trading) The difference between bidding and asking price. 
n	(finance) The difference between the prices of two similar items. 
n	(geometry) An unlimited expanse of discontinuous points. 
n	The surface in proportion to the depth of a cut gemstone. 
n	Excessive width of the trails of ink written on overly absorbent paper. 
