v	(of liquids) To gush, to flow suddenly and violently. 
v	(of water, now mostly followed by "out" or "up") To gush, to flow out of the ground. 
v	(of light) To appear, to dawn. 
v	(of plants) To sprout, to grow, 
v	(now chiefly botanical) To grow taller or longer. 
v	(hunting, especially of birds) To rise from cover. 
v	(of landscape) To come dramatically into view. 
v	(figuratively) to arise, to come into existence. 
v	(figuratively, Usually with cardinal adverbs, of animals) to move with great speed and energy; to leap, to jump; to dart, to sprint; of people: to rise rapidly from a seat, bed, etc. 
v	(usually with from) To be born, descend, or originate from 
v	(figuratively, religion, philosophy) to descend or originate from. 
v	(obsolete) To rise in social position or military rank, to be promoted. 
v	(obsolete, of knowledge, usually with wide) To become known, to spread. 
v	(obsolete, of odors) To emit, to spread. 
v	(transitive, archaic, of beards) To grow. 
v	(rare, of water) To cause to well up or flow out of the ground. 
v	(figuratively, of plants) To bring forth. 
v	(obsolete, of knowledge) To cause to become known, to tell of. 
v	(figuratively, of animals) To cause to move energetically; (equestrianism) to cause to gallop, to spur. 
v	(hunting, of birds) To cause to rise from cover. 
v	(obsolete, military, of weapons) To shift quickly from one designated position to another. 
v	(obsolete, of horses) To breed with, to impregnate. 
v	(of mechanisms) To cause to work or open by sudden application of pressure. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To make wet, to moisten. 
v	(intransitive, usually with "to" or "up") To rise suddenly, (of tears) to well up. 
v	(intransitive, now usually with "apart" or "open") To burst into pieces, to explode, to shatter. 
v	(obsolete, military) to go off. 
v	(transitive, military) To cause to explode, to set off, to detonate. 
v	(intransitive, nautical, usually perfective) To crack. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To have something crack. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To cause to crack. 
v	To come upon and flush out 
v	(Australia, slang) to catch in an illegal act or compromising position. 
v	(obsolete) To begin something. 
v	(obsolete) To produce, provide, or place an item unexpectedly. 
v	(obsolete, slang) To put bad money into circulation. 
v	(obsolete, of jokes, gags) To tell, to share. 
v	(of news, surprises) To announce unexpectedly, to reveal. 
v	(transitive, slang, US) To free from imprisonment, especially by facilitating an illegal escape. 
v	(intransitive, slang, rare) To be free of imprisonment, especially by illegal escape. 
v	(transitive, architecture, of arches) To build, to form the initial curve of. 
v	(intransitive, architecture, of arches, with "from") To extend, to curve. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To turn a vessel using a spring attached to its anchor cable. 
v	(transitive, obsolete, nautical) To raise a vessel's sheer. 
v	(transitive, obsolete, cobblery) To raise a last's toe. 
v	(transitive) To pay or spend a certain sum, to cough up. 
v	(obsolete, intransitive, slang) To raise an offered price. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To act as a spring: to strongly rebound. 
v	(transitive, rare) To equip with springs, especially (of vehicles) to equip with a suspension. 
v	(transitive, rare, obsolete) To provide spring or elasticity 
v	(figuratively, rare, obsolete) to inspire, to motivate. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To deform owing to excessive pressure, to become warped; to intentionally deform in order to position and then straighten in place. 
v	(intransitive, now rare) To reach maturity, to be fully grown. 
v	(intransitive, UK, dialectal, chiefly of cows) To swell with milk or pregnancy. 
v	(transitive, of rattles, archaic) To sound, to play. 
v	(intransitive) To spend the springtime somewhere 
v	(of animals) to find or get enough food during springtime. 
n	(countable) An act of springing: a leap, a jump. 
n	(astronomy) The period from the moment of vernal equinox (around March 21 in the Northern Hemisphere) to the moment of the summer solstice (around June 21); the equivalent periods reckoned in other cultures and calendars. 
n	(meteorology) The three months of March, April, and May in the Northern Hemisphere and September, October, and November in the Southern Hemisphere. 
n	(uncountable, figuratively) The time of something's growth; the early stages of some process. 
n	(figuratively, politics) a period of political liberalization and democratization 
n	(countable, fashion) Someone with ivory or peach skin tone and eyes and hair that are not extremely dark, seen as best suited to certain colors of clothing. 
n	(geology) A spray or body of water springing from the ground. 
n	(oceanography, obsolete) The rising of the sea at high tide. 
n	A mechanical device made of flexible or coiled material that exerts force and attempts to spring back when bent, compressed, or stretched. 
n	(nautical) A line from a vessel's end or side to its anchor cable used to diminish or control its movement. 
n	(nautical) A line laid out from a vessel's end to the opposite end of an adjacent vessel or mooring to diminish or control its movement. 
n	(figuratively) A race, a lineage. 
n	(figuratively) A youth. 
n	A shoot, a young tree. 
n	A grove of trees; a forest. 
n	(countable, slang) An erection of the penis. 
n	(countable, nautical, obsolete) A crack which has sprung up in a mast, spar, or (rare) a plank or seam. 
n	Elasticity: the property of a body springing back to its original form after compression, stretching, etc. 
n	Elastic energy, power, or force. 
n	(countable) The source from which an action or supply of something springs. 
n	A cause, a motive, etc. 
n	(obsolete) A lively piece of music. 
n	(countable) A surname. 
v	(transitive, US, dialectal) Alternative form of sprain. [To weaken, as a joint, ligament, or muscle, by sudden and excessive exertion, as by wrenching; to overstrain, or stretch injuriously, but without luxation] 
v	(transitive, US, dialectal) Alternative form of strain. [(obsolete) To hold tightly, to clasp.] 
n	(oceanography) Short for spring tide, the especially high tide shortly after full and new moons. [The tide which occurs when the moon is new or full; the effects of the Sun and moon being reinforced so that this tide is of maximum range.] 
n	Alternative form of spring, the season of warmth and new vegetation following winter [(countable) An act of springing: a leap, a jump.] 
