n	(geometry) A polygon with four sides of equal length and four right angles; an equilateral rectangle; a regular quadrilateral. 
n	A cell in a grid. 
n	A square piece, part, or surface. 
n	The front of a woman's dress over the bosom, usually worked or embroidered. 
n	(Canada, US) A dessert cut into rectangular pieces, or a piece of such a dessert. 
n	(printing) A certain number of lines, forming a portion of a column, nearly square; used chiefly in reckoning the prices of advertisements in newspapers. 
n	An L- or T-shaped tool used to place objects or draw lines at right angles. 
n	(figuratively, obsolete) A true measure, standard, or pattern. 
n	An open space or park, often in the center of a town, not necessarily square in shape, often containing trees, seating and other features pleasing to the eye. 
n	(often in street names or addresses) A street surrounding a public square or plaza. 
n	(mathematics) The product of a number or quantity multiplied by itself; the second power of a number, value, term or expression. 
n	(military formation) A body of troops drawn up in a square formation. 
n	(1950s slang) A socially conventional or conservative person; a person who has little or no interest in the latest fads or trends: still sometimes used in modern terminology. 
n	(Britain) The symbol # on a telephone; hash. 
n	(cricket) The central area of a cricket field, with one or more pitches of which only one is used at a time. 
n	(real estate) A unit of measurement of area, equal to a 10 foot by 10 foot square, i.e. 100 square feet or roughly 9.3 square metres. Used in real estate for the size of a house or its rooms, though progressively being replaced by square metres in metric countries such as Australia. 
n	(roofing) A unit used in measuring roof area equivalent to 100 square feet (9.29 m²) of roof area. The materials for roofing jobs are often billed by the square in the United States. 
n	(academia) A mortarboard. 
n	(archaic) Exact proportion; justness of workmanship and conduct; regularity; rule. 
n	The relation of harmony, or exact agreement; equality; level. 
n	(astrology) The position of planets distant ninety degrees from each other; a quadrate. 
n	(dated) The act of squaring, or quarrelling; a quarrel. 
n	(slang) Cigarette. 
n	(brewing) A vat used for fermentation. 
n	(slang, MLE) A well-defined core of a human body, a flat section from the fundament to the thoracic diaphragm. 
adj	Shaped like a square (the polygon). 
adj	(of box-shaped objects such as buildings or metal frames) Forming right angles in all planes as intended; not racked or leaning. 
adj	(nautical) Forming right angles with the mast or the keel, and parallel to the horizon; said of the yards of a square-rigged vessel when they are so braced. 
adj	Used in the names of units of area formed by multiplying a unit of length by itself. 
adj	Honest; straightforward; fair. 
adj	Satisfied; comfortable with; not experiencing any conflict. 
adj	Even; tied 
adj	(slang, derogatory) Socially conventional; boring. 
adj	(cricket) In line with the batsman's popping crease. 
adj	Solid, decent, substantial. 
adj	Having a shape broad for the height, with angular rather than curving outlines. 
adv	Directly. 
v	(nautical) To place at a right angle to the mast or keel. 
v	(rowing) To rotate the oars so that they are perpendicular to the water. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To resolve or reconcile; to suit or fit. 
v	To adjust or adapt so as to bring into harmony with something. 
v	(transitive, mathematics) Of a value, term, or expression, to multiply by itself; to raise to the second power. 
v	(transitive) To draw, with a pair of compasses and a straightedge only, a square with the same area as. 
v	(soccer) To make a short low pass sideways across the pitch 
v	(archaic) To take opposing sides; to quarrel. 
v	To accord or agree exactly; to be consistent with; to suit; to fit. 
v	(obsolete) To go to opposite sides; to take an attitude of offense or defense, or of defiance; to quarrel. 
v	To take a boxing attitude; often with up or off. 
v	To form with four sides and four right angles. 
v	To form with right angles and straight lines, or flat surfaces. 
v	To compare with, or reduce to, any given measure or standard. 
v	(astrology) To hold a quartile position respecting. 
n	A surname. 
n	(colloquial, US) Ellipsis of square meal. [(idiomatic) A (nutritionally) complete and satisfying meal, especially one suitable for a person performing physical labour.] 
