v	(intransitive, copulative) To support oneself on the feet in an erect position. 
v	(intransitive) To rise to one’s feet; to stand up. 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To remain motionless. 
v	(intransitive) To be placed in an upright or vertical orientation. 
v	(transitive) To place in an upright or standing position. 
v	(intransitive) To occupy or hold a place; to be set, placed, fixed, located, or situated. 
v	(intransitive) To measure when erect on the feet. 
v	(intransitive, of tears, sweat, etc.) To be present, to have welled up. 
v	(intransitive, followed by to + infinitive) To be positioned to gain or lose. 
v	(transitive, negative) To tolerate. 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To maintain one's ground; to be acquitted; not to fail or yield; to be safe. 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To maintain an invincible or permanent attitude; to be fixed, steady, or firm; to take a position in resistance or opposition. 
v	(intransitive, copulative, obsolete) To be in some particular state; to have essence or being; to be; to consist. 
v	(intransitive, cricket) To act as an umpire. 
v	(transitive) To undergo; withstand; hold up. 
v	(intransitive, Britain) To be a candidate (in an election). 
v	(intransitive) To be valid. 
v	(transitive) To oppose, usually as a team, in competition. 
v	(transitive) To cover the expense of; to pay for. 
v	(intransitive) To have or maintain a position, order, or rank; to be in a particular relation. 
v	(intransitive) To be consistent; to agree; to accord. 
v	(intransitive) To appear in court. 
v	(intransitive, nautical) Of a ship or its captain, to steer, sail (in a specified direction, for a specified destination etc.). 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To remain without ruin or injury. 
v	(card games) To stop asking for more cards; to keep one's hand as it has been dealt so far. 
n	The act of standing. 
n	A defensive position or effort. 
n	A resolute, unwavering position; firm opinion; action for a purpose in the face of opposition. 
n	A period of performance in a given location or venue. 
n	A device to hold something upright or aloft. 
n	The platform on which a witness testifies in court; the witness stand or witness box. 
n	(historical) An area of raised seating for waiters at the stock exchange. 
n	A particular grove or other group of trees or shrubs. 
n	(forestry) A contiguous group of trees sufficiently uniform in age-class distribution, composition, and structure, and growing on a site of sufficiently uniform quality, to be a distinguishable unit. 
n	A standstill, a motionless state, as of someone confused, or a hunting dog who has found game. 
n	A small building, booth, or stage, as in a bandstand or hamburger stand. 
n	A designated spot where someone or something may stand or wait. 
n	(US, dated) The situation of a shop, store, hotel, etc. 
n	(sports) Grandstand. (often in the plural) 
n	(cricket) A partnership. 
n	(military, plural often stand) A single set, as of arms. 
n	(obsolete) Rank; post; station; standing. 
n	(dated) A state of perplexity or embarrassment. 
n	A young tree, usually reserved when other trees are cut; also, a tree growing or standing upon its own root, in distinction from one produced from a scion set in a stock, either of the same or another kind of tree. 
n	A location or position where one may stand. 
n	(advertising) An advertisement filling an entire billboard, comprising many sheets of paper. 
n	(fiction) A type of supernatural ability from the anime and manga series JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, named for the fact that they appear to 'stand' next to their user. 
n	(US, Scotland, dated) A container which stands upright, such as a barrel or cask. 
n	(obsolete) A weight of from two hundred and fifty to three hundred pounds, used in weighing pitch. 
n	(US, historical) Short for tavern stand (“a roadside inn”). [(US, historical) A roadside inn.] 
