n	Any small luminous dot appearing in the cloudless portion of the night sky, especially with a fixed location relative to other such dots. 
n	(astronomy) A luminous celestial body, made up of plasma (particularly hydrogen and helium) and having a spherical shape. Depending on context the sun may or may not be included. 
n	(geometry) A concave polygon with regular, pointy protrusions and indentations, usually with four, five, or six points. 
n	(acting) An actor in a leading role. 
n	An exceptionally talented or famous person, often in a specific field; a celebrity. 
n	(printing) An asterisk (*) or symbol (★). 
n	A symbol used to rate hotels, films, etc. with a higher number of stars denoting better quality. 
n	A simple dance, or part of a dance, where a group of four dancers each put their right or left hand in the middle and turn around in a circle. You call them right-hand stars or left-hand stars, depending on the hand which is in the middle. 
n	(astrology) A planet supposed to influence one's destiny. 
n	A star-shaped ornament worn on the breast to indicate rank or honour. 
n	A composition of combustible matter used in the heading of rockets, in mines, etc., which, exploding in the air, presents a starlike appearance. 
v	(intransitive) To appear as a featured performer or headliner, especially in an entertainment program. 
v	(transitive) To feature (a performer or a headliner), especially in a movie or an entertainment program. 
v	(transitive) To mark with a star or asterisk. 
v	(transitive) To set or adorn with stars, or bright, radiating bodies; to bespangle. 
v	(intransitive) To shine like a star. 
n	A surname. 
n	A female given name from English. 
n	A hamlet in Lamont County, Alberta, Canada. 
n	A hamlet in Shipham civil parish, Somerset, England. 
n	A work settlement in the Dyatkovsky District, Bryansk Oblast, Russia. 
n	A village in the Maryovsky District, Novgorod Oblast, Russia. 
n	A small village in Fife council area, Scotland, also known as Star of Markinch. 
n	A city in Idaho. 
n	An unincorporated community in Munising Township, Alger County, Michigan. 
n	An unincorporated community in Rankin County, Mississippi. 
n	An unincorporated community in Holt County, Nebraska. 
n	A small town in Montgomery County, North Carolina. 
n	An unincorporated community in Mills County, Texas. 
n	A hamlet in Pembrokeshire, Wales. 
n	A small settlement near the village of Gaerwen, Isle of Anglesey, Wales. 
n	(UK, rail transport) Star class, a class of steam locomotives used on the GWR. 
