n	A regular stopping place for ground transportation. 
n	A ground transportation depot. 
n	A place where one stands or stays or is assigned to stand or stay. 
n	A place where some object is provided. 
n	(US) A gas station, service station. 
n	An official building from which police or firefighters operate. 
n	A place where one performs a task or where one is on call to perform a task. 
n	A military base. 
n	A place used for broadcasting radio or television. 
n	(Australia, New Zealand) A very large sheep or cattle farm. 
n	(historical) In British India, the place where the English officials of a district, or the officers of a garrison (not in a fortress) reside. 
n	(Christianity) Any of the Stations of the Cross. 
n	(Christianity) The Roman Catholic fast of the fourth and sixth days of the week, Wednesday and Friday, in memory of the council which condemned Christ, and of his passion. 
n	(Christianity) A church in which the procession of the clergy halts on stated days to say stated prayers. 
n	Standing; rank; position. 
n	A broadcasting entity. 
n	(Newfoundland) A harbour or cove with a foreshore suitable for a facility to support nearby fishing. 
n	(surveying) Any of a sequence of equally spaced points along a path. 
n	The particular place, or kind of situation, in which a species naturally occurs; a habitat. 
n	(mining) An enlargement in a shaft or galley, used as a landing, or passing place, or for the accommodation of a pump, tank, etc. 
n	Post assigned; office; the part or department of public duty which a person is appointed to perform; sphere of duty or occupation; employment. 
n	(medicine) The position of the foetal head in relation to the distance from the ischial spines, measured in centimetres. 
n	(obsolete) The fact of standing still; motionlessness, stasis. 
n	(astronomy) The apparent standing still of a superior planet just before it begins or ends its retrograde motion. 
v	(usually passive) To put in place to perform a task. 
v	To put in place to perform military duty. 
