v	(transitive) To prop; support; sustain; hold up; steady. 
v	(transitive) To support from sinking; to sustain with strength; to satisfy in part or for the time. 
v	(transitive) To stop; detain; keep back; delay; hinder. 
v	(transitive) To restrain; withhold; check; stop. 
v	(transitive) To cause to cease; to put an end to. 
v	(transitive) To put off; defer; postpone; delay; keep back. 
v	(transitive) To hold the attention of. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To bear up under; to endure; to hold out against; to resist. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To wait for; await. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To remain for the purpose of; to stay to take part in or be present at (a meal, ceremony etc.). 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To rest; depend; rely. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To stop; come to a stand or standstill. 
v	(intransitive, archaic) To come to an end; cease. 
v	(intransitive, archaic) To dwell; linger; tarry; wait. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To make a stand; to stand firm. 
v	(intransitive) To hold out, as in a race or contest; last or persevere to the end; to show staying power. 
v	(intransitive) To remain in a particular place, especially for a definite or short period of time; sojourn; abide. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To wait; rest in patience or expectation. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete, used with on or upon) To wait as an attendant; give ceremonious or submissive attendance. 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To continue to have a particular quality. 
v	(intransitive, Scotland, South Africa, India, Southern US, African-American Vernacular, colloquial) To live; reside 
n	Continuance or a period of time spent in a place; abode for an indefinite time. 
n	(law) A postponement, especially of an execution or other punishment. 
n	(archaic) A stop; a halt; a break or cessation of action, motion, or progress. 
n	A fixed state; fixedness; stability; permanence. 
n	(nautical) A station or fixed anchorage for vessels. 
n	Restraint of passion; prudence; moderation; caution; steadiness; sobriety. 
n	(obsolete) Hindrance; let; check. 
n	A prop; a support. 
n	A piece of stiff material, such as plastic or whalebone, used to stiffen a piece of clothing. 
n	(in the plural) A corset. 
n	(archaic) A fastening for a garment; a hook; a clasp; anything to hang another thing on. 
n	(nautical) A strong rope or wire supporting a mast, and leading from one masthead down to some other, or other part of the vessel. 
n	A guy, rope, or wire supporting or stabilizing a platform, such as a bridge, a pole, such as a tentpole, the mast of a derrick, or other structural element. 
n	The transverse piece in a chain-cable link. 
v	To brace or support with a stay or stays 
v	(transitive, nautical) To incline forward, aft, or to one side by means of stays. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To tack; put on the other tack. 
v	(intransitive, nautical) To change; tack; go about; be in stays, as a ship. 
adj	(UK dialectal) Steep; ascending. 
adj	(UK dialectal) (of a roof) Steeply pitched. 
adj	(UK dialectal) Difficult to negotiate; not easy to access; sheer. 
adj	(UK dialectal) Stiff; upright; unbending; reserved; haughty; proud. 
adv	(UK dialectal) Steeply. 
n	A surname. 
