n	A small, thin branch from a tree or bush; a twig; a branch. 
n	A relatively long, thin piece of wood, of any size. 
n	(US) A timber board, especially a two by four (inches). 
n	A cane or walking stick (usually wooden, metal or plastic) to aid in walking. 
n	A cudgel or truncheon (usually of wood, metal or plastic), especially one carried by police or guards. 
n	(carpentry) The vertical member of a cope-and-stick joint. 
n	(nautical) A mast or part of a mast of a ship; also, a yard. 
n	(figuratively) A piece (of furniture, especially if wooden). 
n	(chiefly Canada, US) A small rectangular block, with a length several times its width, which contains by volume one half of a cup of shortening (butter, margarine or lard). 
n	A standard rectangular strip of chewing gum. 
n	(slang) A cigarette (usually a tobacco cigarette, less often a marijuana cigarette). 
n	A bunch of something wrapped around or attached to a stick. 
n	(archaic) A scroll that is rolled around (mounted on, attached to) a stick. 
n	(military) The structure to which a set of bombs in a bomber aircraft are attached and which drops the bombs when it is released. The bombs themselves and, by extension, any load of similar items dropped in quick succession such as paratroopers or containers. 
n	(US, colloquial) A manual transmission, a vehicle equipped with a manual transmission, so called because of the stick-like, i.e. twig-like, control (the gear shift) with which the driver of such a vehicle controls its transmission. 
n	(aviation) The control column of an aircraft; a joystick. (By convention, a wheel-like control mechanism with a handgrip on opposite sides, similar to the steering wheel of an automobile, can also be called the "stick", although "yoke" or "control wheel" is more commonly seen.) 
n	(aviation, uncountable) Use of the stick to control the aircraft. 
n	(computing) A memory stick. 
n	(slang) A handgun. 
n	(dated, letterpress typography) A composing stick, the tool used by compositors to assemble lines of type. 
n	(jazz, slang) The clarinet. 
n	(sports, generically) A long thin implement used to control a ball or puck in sports like hockey, polo, and lacrosse. 
n	(horse racing) The short whip carried by a jockey. 
n	(boardsports) A board as used in board sports, such as a surfboard, snowboard, or skateboard. 
n	(golf) The pole bearing a small flag that marks the hole. 
n	(US, slang, uncountable) The cue used in billiards, pool, snooker, etc. 
n	(golf) The long-range driving ability of a golf club. 
n	(baseball) The potential hitting power of a specific bat. 
n	(baseball) General hitting ability. 
n	(field hockey or ice hockey) The potential accuracy of a hockey stick, implicating also the player using it. 
n	A thin or wiry person; particularly a flat-chested woman. 
n	(magic) An assistant planted in the audience. 
n	(gambling) A shill or house player. 
n	A stiff, stupidly obstinate person. 
n	(military aviation, from joystick) A fighter pilot. 
n	(military, South Africa) A small group of (infantry) soldiers. 
n	A negative stimulus or a punishment. (This sense derives from the metaphor of using a stick, a long piece of wood, to poke or beat a beast of burden to compel it to move forward. Compare carrot.) 
n	(slang, uncountable) Corporal punishment; beatings. 
n	(slang) Vigor; spirit; effort, energy, intensity. 
n	(slang) Vigorous driving of a car; gas. 
n	(obsolete) An English Imperial unit of length equal to 2 inches. 
n	(archaic, rare) A quantity of eels, usually 25. 
v	(carpentry) To cut a piece of wood to be the stick member of a cope-and-stick joint. 
v	(transitive, printing, slang, dated) To compose; to set, or arrange, in a composing stick. 
v	(transitive) To furnish or set with sticks. 
n	(motor racing) The traction of tires on the road surface. 
n	(fishing) The amount of fishing line resting on the water surface before a cast; line stick. 
n	A thrust with a pointed instrument; a stab. 
v	(intransitive) To become or remain attached; to adhere. 
v	(intransitive) To jam; to stop moving. 
v	(transitive) To tolerate, to endure, to stick with. 
v	(intransitive) To persist. 
v	(intransitive) Of snow, to remain frozen on landing. 
v	(intransitive) To remain loyal; to remain firm. 
v	(dated, intransitive) To hesitate, to be reluctant; to refuse (in negative phrases). 
v	(dated, intransitive) To be puzzled (at something), have difficulty understanding. 
v	(dated, intransitive) To cause difficulties, scruples, or hesitation. 
v	(transitive) To attach with glue or as if by gluing. 
v	(transitive) To place, set down (quickly or carelessly). 
v	(transitive) To press (something with a sharp point) into something else. 
v	(transitive, now only in dialects) To stab. 
v	(transitive) To fix on a pointed instrument; to impale. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To adorn or deck with things fastened on as by piercing. 
v	(transitive, gymnastics) To perform (a landing) perfectly. 
v	(botany, transitive) To propagate plants by cuttings. 
v	(transitive, joinery) To run or plane (mouldings) in a machine, in contradistinction to working them by hand. Such mouldings are said to be stuck. 
v	(dated, transitive) To bring to a halt; to stymie; to puzzle. 
v	(transitive, slang, dated) To impose upon; to compel to pay; sometimes, to cheat. 
v	(intransitive, US, slang) To have sexual intercourse with. 
v	(intransitive, blackjack, chiefly UK) To stand pat: to cease taking any more cards and finalize one's hand. 
adj	(informal) Likely to stick; sticking, sticky. 
n	(Britain, uncountable) Criticism or ridicule. 
n	(Ireland) A member of the Official IRA. 
n	(music) The Chapman Stick, an electric musical instrument devised by Emmett Chapman. 
