n	(operations) A store of goods ready for sale; inventory. 
n	A supply of anything ready for use. 
n	Railroad rolling stock. 
n	(card games, in a card game) A stack of undealt cards made available to the players. 
n	Farm or ranch animals; livestock. 
n	The population of a given type of animal (especially fish) available to be captured from the wild for economic use. 
n	The price or value of the stock of a company on the stock market. 
n	(especially US) A share in a company. 
n	(figuratively) The measure of how highly a person or institution is valued. 
n	Any of several types of security that are similar to a stock, or marketed like one. 
n	(cooking, uncountable, countable) Broth made from meat (originally bones) or vegetables, used as a basis for stew or soup. 
n	The type of paper used in printing. 
n	Plain soap before it is coloured and perfumed. 
n	Stock theater, summer stock theater. 
n	(horticulture) The plant upon which the scion is grafted. 
n	(by extension) Lineage, family, ancestry. 
n	Any of the several species of cruciferous flowers in the genus Matthiola. 
n	(firearms) The part of a rifle or shotgun that rests against the shooter's shoulder. 
n	The handle of a whip, fishing rod, etc. 
n	The headstock of a lathe, drill, etc. 
n	The tailstock of a lathe. 
n	A ski pole. 
n	(nautical) A bar going through an anchor, perpendicular to the flukes. 
n	(nautical) The axle attached to the rudder, which transfers the movement of the helm to the rudder. 
n	(geology) A pipe (vertical cylinder of ore) 
n	A necktie or cravat, particularly a wide necktie popular in the eighteenth century, often seen today as a part of formal wear for horse riding competitions. 
n	A piece of black cloth worn under a clerical collar. 
n	A bed for infants; a crib, cot, or cradle 
n	(folklore) A piece of wood magically made to be just like a real baby and substituted for it by magical beings. 
n	(obsolete) A cover for the legs; a stocking. 
n	A block of wood; something fixed and solid; a pillar; a firm support; a post. 
n	(by extension, obsolete) A person who is as dull and lifeless as a stock or post; one who has little sense. 
n	(UK, historical) The longest part of a split tally stick formerly struck in the exchequer, which was delivered to the person who had lent the king money on account, as the evidence of indebtedness. 
n	(shipbuilding, in the plural) The frame or timbers on which a ship rests during construction. 
n	(UK, in the plural) Red and grey bricks, used for the exterior of walls and the front of buildings. 
n	(biology) In tectology, an aggregate or colony of individuals, such as trees, chains of salpae, etc. 
n	The beater of a fulling mill. 
v	To have on hand for sale. 
v	To provide with material requisites; to store; to fill; to supply. 
v	To allow (cows) to retain milk for twenty-four hours or more prior to sale. 
v	To put in the stocks as punishment. 
v	(nautical) To fit (an anchor) with a stock, or to fasten the stock firmly in place. 
v	(card games, dated) To arrange cards in a certain manner for cheating purposes; to stack the deck. 
adj	Of a type normally available for purchase/in stock. 
adj	(racing, of a race car) Having the same configuration as cars sold to the non-racing public, or having been modified from such a car. 
adj	Straightforward, ordinary, just another, very basic. 
n	A thrust with a rapier; a stoccado. 
n	A village and civil parish in Chelmsford district, Essex, England (OS grid ref TQ6998). 
n	A surname. 
n	Ellipsis of film stock. [A strip or sheet of transparent plastic film base coated on one side with a gelatin emulsion containing light-sensitive silver halide crystals, used for recording motion pictures.] 
