n	(uncountable) A hard earthen substance that can form large rocks. 
n	A small piece of stone, a pebble. 
n	A gemstone, a jewel, especially a diamond. 
n	(Britain) A unit of mass equal to 14 pounds (≈6.3503 kilograms), formerly used for various commodities (wool, cheese, etc.), but now principally used for personal weight. 
n	(botany) The central part of some fruits, particularly drupes; consisting of the seed and a hard endocarp layer. 
n	(medicine) A hard, stone-like deposit. 
n	(board games) A playing piece made of any hard material, used in various board games such as backgammon and go. 
n	A dull light grey or beige, like that of some stones. 
n	(curling) A 42-pound, precisely shaped piece of granite with a handle attached, which is bowled down the ice. 
n	A monument to the dead; a gravestone or tombstone. 
n	(obsolete) A mirror, or its glass. 
n	(obsolete) A testicle. 
n	(printing, historical) A stand or table with a smooth, flat top of stone, commonly marble, on which to arrange the pages of a book, newspaper, etc. before printing. 
v	(transitive) To pelt with stones, especially to kill by pelting with stones. 
v	(transitive) To wall with stones. 
v	(transitive) To remove a stone from (fruit etc.). 
v	(intransitive) To form a stone during growth, with reference to fruit etc. 
v	(transitive, slang) To intoxicate, especially with narcotics. (Usually in passive) 
v	(intransitive, Singapore, slang) To do nothing, to stare blankly into space and not pay attention when relaxing or when bored. 
v	(transitive) To lap with an abrasive stone to remove surface irregularities. 
adj	Constructed of stone. 
adj	Having the appearance of stone. 
adj	Of a dull light grey or beige, like that of some stones. 
adj	(African-American Vernacular) Used as an intensifier. 
adj	(LGBT) Willing to give sexual pleasure but not to receive it. 
adv	As a stone (used with following adjective). 
adv	(slang) Absolutely, completely (used with following adjectives). 
n	(countable) An English occupational and habitational surname from Old English, for someone who lived near a stone worked with stone, from Old English stan. 
n	(countable) A male given name 
n	A locale in England, United Kingdom. 
n	A locale in the United States. 
n	Ellipsis of Stone County. [One of 75 counties in Arkansas, United States. County seat: Mountain View. It was named after natural stone formations.] 
