v	(intransitive) To cease moving. 
v	(intransitive) Not to continue. 
v	(transitive) To cause (something) to cease moving or progressing. 
v	(transitive) To cease; to no longer continue (doing something). 
v	(transitive) To cause (something) to come to an end. 
v	(causative, transitive, chiefly UK) To end someone else's activity. 
v	(transitive) To close or block an opening. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, photography, often with "up" or "down") To adjust the aperture of a camera lens. 
v	(intransitive) To stay; to spend a short time; to reside or tarry temporarily. 
v	(music) To regulate the sounds of (musical strings, etc.) by pressing them against the fingerboard with the finger, or otherwise shortening the vibrating part. 
v	(obsolete) To punctuate. 
v	(nautical) To make fast; to stopper. 
v	(phonetics, transitive) To pronounce (a phoneme) as a stop. 
v	(finance, transitive) To delay the purchase or sale of (a stock) while agreeing the price for later. 
n	A (usually marked) place where buses, trams or trains halt to let passengers get on and off, usually smaller than a station. 
n	An action of stopping; interruption of travel. 
n	That which stops, impedes, or obstructs; an obstacle; an impediment. 
n	(engineering) A device, or piece, as a pin, block, pawl, etc., for arresting or limiting motion, or for determining the position to which another part shall be brought. 
n	(architecture) A member, plain or moulded, formed of a separate piece and fixed to a jamb, against which a door or window shuts. 
n	(linguistics) A consonant sound in which the passage of air through the mouth is temporarily blocked by the lips, tongue, or glottis. 
n	A symbol used for purposes of punctuation and representing a pause or separating clauses, particularly a full stop, comma, colon or semicolon. 
n	(music) A knob or pin used to regulate the flow of air in an organ. 
n	(music) One of the vent-holes in a wind instrument, or the place on the wire of a stringed instrument, by the stopping or pressing of which certain notes are produced. 
n	(tennis) A very short shot which touches the ground close behind the net and is intended to bounce as little as possible. 
n	(soccer) A save; preventing the opposition from scoring a goal 
n	(zoology) The depression in a dog’s face between the skull and the nasal bones. 
n	(photography) A part of a photographic system that reduces the amount of light. 
n	(photography) A unit of exposure corresponding to a doubling of the brightness of an image. 
n	(photography) An f-stop. 
n	The diaphragm used in optical instruments to cut off the marginal portions of a beam of light passing through lenses. 
n	(fencing) A coup d'arret, or stop thrust. 
n	(UK dialectal) A small well-bucket; a milk-pail. 
n	(physics) The squark that is the superpartner of a top quark. 
