adj	Not crooked or bent; having a constant direction throughout its length. 
adj	(of a path, trajectory, etc.) Direct, undeviating. 
adj	Perfectly horizontal or vertical; not diagonal or oblique. 
adj	(cricket) Describing the bat as held so as not to incline to either side; on, or near a line running between the two wickets. 
adj	Direct in communication; unevasive, straightforward. 
adj	Free from dishonesty; honest, law-abiding. 
adj	Serious rather than comedic. 
adj	In proper order; as it should be. 
adj	In a row, in unbroken sequence; consecutive. 
adj	(tennis) Describing the sets in a match of which the winner did not lose a single set. 
adj	(US, politics) Making no exceptions or deviations in one's support of the organization and candidates of a political party. 
adj	(US, politics) Containing the names of all the regularly nominated candidates of a party and no others. 
adj	(colloquial) Conventional, mainstream, socially acceptable. 
adj	(colloquial) Heterosexual. 
adj	(colloquial, of a romantic or sexual relation) Occurring between people of opposite sex (sometimes, but only sometimes, specifically between heterosexual ones). 
adj	(slang, sex work) Related to conventional sexual intercourse. 
adj	(colloquial) Not using alcohol, drugs, etc. 
adj	(fashion) Not plus size; thin. 
adj	(rare, now chiefly religion) Strait; narrow. 
adj	(obsolete) Stretched out; fully extended. 
adj	(slang) Thorough; utter; unqualified. 
adj	Of spirits: undiluted, unmixed; neat. 
adj	(sciences, mathematics) Concerning the property allowing the parallel transport of vectors along a course that keeps tangent vectors remain as such throughout that course (a course which is straight, a straight curve, is a geodesic). 
adv	Of a direction relative to the subject, precisely; as if following a direct line. 
adv	Directly; without pause, delay or detour. 
adv	Continuously; without interruption or pause. 
adv	Of speech or information, without prevarication or holding back; directly; straightforwardly; plainly. 
n	Something that is not crooked or bent such as a part of a road or track. 
n	(poker) Five cards in sequence. 
n	(colloquial) A heterosexual. 
n	(slang) A normal person; someone in mainstream society. 
n	(slang) A cigarette, particularly one containing tobacco instead of marijuana. 
n	A chiropractor who relies solely on spinal adjustment, with no other treatments. 
v	(transitive) To straighten. 
n	A surname. 
