n	(countable) A long, thin piece of land; any long, thin area. 
n	(usually countable, sometimes uncountable) A long, thin piece of any material; any such material collectively. 
n	A comic strip. 
n	A landing strip. 
n	A strip steak. 
n	(US) A street with multiple shopping or entertainment possibilities. 
n	(fencing) The playing area, roughly 14 meters by 2 meters. 
n	(UK, soccer) The uniform of a football team, or the same worn by supporters. 
n	(mining) A trough for washing ore. 
n	The issuing of a projectile from a rifled gun without acquiring the spiral motion. 
n	(television) A television series aired at the same time daily (or at least on Mondays to Fridays), so that it appears as a strip straight across the weekly schedule. 
n	(finance) An investment strategy involving simultaneous trade with one call and two put options on the same security at the same strike price, similar to but more bearish than a straddle. 
v	(transitive) To remove or take away, often in strips or stripes. 
v	(usually intransitive) To take off clothing. 
v	(intransitive) To perform a striptease. 
v	(transitive) To take away something from (someone or something); to plunder; to divest. 
v	(transitive) To remove cargo from (a container). 
v	(transitive) To remove (the thread or teeth) from a screw, nut, or gear, especially inadvertently by overtightening. 
v	(intransitive) To fail in the thread; to lose the thread, as a bolt, screw, or nut. 
v	(transitive) To fire (a bullet or ball) from a rifle such that it fails to pick up a spin from the rifling. 
v	(intransitive) To fail to pick up a spin from the grooves in a rifle barrel. 
v	(transitive) To remove color from hair, cloth, etc. to prepare it to receive new color. 
v	(transitive, bridge) To remove all cards of a particular suit from another player. (See also strip-squeeze.) 
v	(transitive) To empty (tubing) by applying pressure to the outside of (the tubing) and moving that pressure along (the tubing). 
v	(transitive) To milk a cow, especially by stroking and compressing the teats to draw out the last of the milk. 
v	To press out the ripe roe or milt from fishes, for artificial fecundation. 
v	(television, transitive) To run a television series at the same time daily (or at least on Mondays to Fridays), so that it appears as a strip straight across the weekly schedule. 
v	(transitive, agriculture) To pare off the surface of (land) in strips. 
v	(transitive) To remove the overlying earth from (a deposit). 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To pass; to get clear of; to outstrip. 
v	To remove the insulation from a wire/cable. 
v	To remove the metal coating from (a plated article), as by acids or electrolytic action. 
v	To remove fibre, flock, or lint from; said of the teeth of a card when it becomes partly clogged. 
v	To pick the cured leaves from the stalks of (tobacco) and tie them into "hands". 
v	To remove the midrib from (tobacco leaves). 
n	The act of removing one's clothes; a striptease. 
n	(attributively, of games) Denotes a version of a game in which losing players must progressively remove their clothes. 
n	(informal) Ellipsis of Gaza Strip (“Levant”). [A small area of land along the Mediterranean coast, a self-governing Palestinian territory bordered by Egypt and Israel.] 
n	(informal) Ellipsis of Las Vegas Strip (“Las Vegas, Nevada, USA”). (Vegas Strip) 
n	(informal) Ellipsis of Sunset Strip (“Los Angeles, California, USA”). 
n	(informal) Ellipsis of Strip District (“Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA”). 
