v	(transitive, sometimes with out or through) To delete or cross out; to scratch or eliminate. 
v	(transitive) To hit. 
v	(transitive) To give, as a blow; to impel, as with a blow; to give a force to; to dash; to cast. 
v	(intransitive) To deliver a quick blow or thrust; to give blows. 
v	(transitive) To manufacture, as by stamping. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To run upon a rock or bank; to be stranded; to run aground. 
v	(transitive) To cause to sound by one or more beats; to indicate or notify by audible strokes. Of a clock, to announce (an hour of the day), usually by one or more sounds. 
v	(intransitive) To sound by percussion, with blows, or as if with blows. 
v	(transitive) To cause or produce by a stroke, or suddenly, as by a stroke. 
v	(transitive) To cause to ignite by friction. 
v	(transitive) To thrust in; to cause to enter or penetrate. 
v	(transitive) To punish; to afflict; to smite. 
v	(intransitive) To carry out a violent or illegal action. 
v	(intransitive) To act suddenly, especially in a violent or criminal way. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To impinge upon. 
v	(intransitive) To stop working as a protest to achieve better working conditions. 
v	(transitive, dated) To quit (one's job). 
v	(transitive) To impress, seem or appear (to). 
v	(transitive) To create an impression. 
v	(sports) To score a goal. 
v	To make a sudden impression upon, as if by a blow; to affect with some strong emotion. 
v	To affect by a sudden impression or impulse. 
v	(intransitive, UK, obsolete, slang) To steal or rob; to take forcibly or fraudulently. 
v	(slang, archaic) To borrow money from; to make a demand upon. 
v	To touch; to act by appulse. 
v	(nautical) To haul down or lower (a flag, mast, etc.) 
v	(by extension) To capitulate; to signal a surrender by hauling down the colours. 
v	To dismantle and take away (a theater set; a tent; etc.). 
v	To unfasten, to loosen (chains, bonds, etc.). 
v	(intransitive) To set off on a walk or trip. 
v	(intransitive) To pass with a quick or strong effect; to dart; to penetrate. 
v	(dated) To break forth; to commence suddenly; with into. 
v	(intransitive) To become attached to something; said of the spat of oysters. 
v	To make and ratify. 
v	To level (a measure of grain, salt, etc.) with a straight instrument, scraping off what is above the level of the top. 
v	(masonry) To cut off (a mortar joint, etc.) even with the face of the wall, or inward at a slight angle. 
v	To hit upon, or light upon, suddenly. 
v	(sugar-making, obsolete) To lade thickened sugar cane juice from a teache into a cooler. 
v	To stroke or pass lightly; to wave. 
v	(obsolete) To advance; to cause to go forward; used only in the past participle. 
v	To balance (a ledger or account). 
v	To discover a source of something, often a buried raw material such as ore (especially gold) or crude oil. 
n	(baseball) A status resulting from a batter swinging and missing a pitch, or not swinging at a pitch when the ball goes in the strike zone, or hitting a foul ball that is not caught. 
n	(bowling) The act of knocking down all ten pins in on the first roll of a frame. 
n	A work stoppage (or otherwise concerted stoppage of an activity) as a form of protest. 
n	A blow or application of physical force against something. 
n	(finance) In an option contract, the price at which the holder buys or sells if they choose to exercise the option. 
n	(historical) An old English measure of corn equal to the bushel. 
n	(cricket) The status of being the batsman that the bowler is bowling at. 
n	The primary face of a hammer, opposite the peen. 
n	(geology) The compass direction of the line of intersection between a rock layer and the surface of the Earth. 
n	An instrument with a straight edge for levelling a measure of grain, salt, etc., scraping off what is above the level of the top; a strickle. 
n	(obsolete) Fullness of measure; hence, excellence of quality. 
n	An iron pale or standard in a gate or fence. 
n	(ironworking) A puddler's stirrer. 
n	(obsolete) The extortion of money, or the attempt to extort money, by threat of injury; blackmail. 
n	The discovery of a source of something. 
n	The strike plate of a door. 
n	(fishing) A nibble on the bait by a fish. 
n	A surname. 
