n	(countable) A long, thin and flexible structure made from threads twisted together. 
n	(uncountable) Such a structure considered as a substance. 
n	(countable) A thread 
n	(music) A segment of wire (typically made of plastic or metal) or other material used as vibrating element on a musical instrument. 
n	(sports) A length of nylon or other material on the head of a racquet. 
n	A thread or cord on which a number of objects or parts are strung or arranged in close and orderly succession; hence, a line or series of things arranged on a thread, or as if so arranged. 
n	(countable) A cohesive substance taking the form of a string. 
n	(countable) A series of items or events. 
n	(countable) The members of a sports team or squad regarded as most likely to achieve success. (Perhaps metaphorical as the "strings" that hold the squad together.) Often first string, second string etc. 
n	(countable) In various games and competitions, a certain number of turns at play, of rounds, etc. 
n	(collective) A drove of horses, or a group of racehorses kept by one owner or at one stable. 
n	(countable, programming) An ordered sequence of text characters stored consecutively in memory and capable of being processed as a single entity. 
n	(music, metonymically, countable) A stringed instrument. 
n	(music, usually in the plural) The stringed instruments as a section of an orchestra, especially those played by a bow, or the persons playing those instruments. 
n	(figuratively, in the plural) The conditions and limitations in a contract collectively. 
n	(countable, physics) The main object of study in string theory, a branch of theoretical physics. 
n	(slang) Cannabis or marijuana. 
n	(billiards) Part of the game of billiards, where the order of the play is determined by testing who can get a ball closest to the bottom rail by shooting it onto the end rail. 
n	(historical, billiards) The buttons strung on a wire by which the score is kept. 
n	(billiards, by extension) The points made in a game of billiards. 
n	(billiards, pool) The line from behind and over which the cue ball must be played after being out of play, as by being pocketed or knocked off the table; also called the string line. 
n	A strip, as of leather, by which the covers of a book are held together. 
n	(archaic) A fibre, as of a plant; a little fibrous root. 
n	(archaic) A nerve or tendon of an animal body. 
n	(shipbuilding) An inside range of ceiling planks, corresponding to the sheer strake on the outside and bolted to it. 
n	(botany) The tough fibrous substance that unites the valves of the pericarp of leguminous plants. 
n	(mining) A small, filamentous ramification of a metallic vein. 
n	(architecture) A stringcourse. 
n	(dated, slang) A hoax; a fake story. 
n	Synonym of stable (“group of prostitutes managed by one pimp”) 
n	(oil industry) A column of drill pipe that transmits drilling fluid (via the mud pumps) and torque (via the kelly drive or top drive) to the drill bit. 
v	(transitive) To put (items) on a string. 
v	(transitive) To put strings on (something). 
v	(intransitive) To form into a string or strings, as a substance which is stretched, or people who are moving along, etc. 
v	(intransitive, billiards) To drive the ball against the end of the table and back, in order to determine which player is to open the game. 
v	(birdwatching) To deliberately state that a certain bird is present when it is not; to knowingly mislead other birders about the occurrence of a bird, especially a rarity; to misidentify a common bird as a rare species. 
