n	An act of striking with a weapon; a blow. 
n	A single movement with a tool; also, an impact of a tool on an object. 
n	An act, or the sound, of the clapper or hammer of a clock hitting a bell or other striking mechanism; hence, the time when such a strike occurs. 
n	(ball games) An act of hitting or trying to hit a ball; also, the manner in which this is done. 
n	One of a series of beats or movements against a resisting medium, by means of which movement through or upon it is accomplished. 
n	A beat or throb, as of the heart or pulse. 
n	(technology) A single movement or thrust of a part (such as a piston) of a machine that moves back and forth; also, the length of this movement. 
n	An act causing hurt or death, especially when seen as divine punishment. 
n	A damaging occurrence, especially if sudden; a blow, a calamity. 
n	An amount of work; specifically, a large amount of business or work. 
n	A powerful or sudden effort by which something is done or produced; also, something accomplished by such an effort; an achievement, a feat. 
n	A movement of a brush in painting, of a chisel in carving, of a pen, pencil, or such implement in drawing or writing, etc., in one direction; hence, a line or mark made on a surface by such an implement. 
n	A distinctive expression in a written composition; a touch. 
n	(chiefly archaic) Influence; power. 
n	(turn-based games) A masterful or effective action. 
n	(medicine) The loss of brain function arising when the blood supply to the brain is suddenly interrupted. 
n	(sciences) An individual discharge of lightning, particularly if causing damage. 
n	The effect or result of a striking; affliction or injury; a bruise or wound; soreness. 
n	Chiefly in to have a good stroke: appetite. 
n	(medicine) A sudden attack of any illness, especially if causing loss of consciousness or movement, or when fatal. 
n	(music) A bow or pluck of a string or strings of a stringed instrument; also, the manner in which a musical instrument is played; hence, a melody, a tune. 
v	To draw the horizontal line across the upright part (of the letter t). 
v	Followed by out or through: to draw a line or lines through (text) to indicate that it is deleted; to cancel, to strike or strike out. 
v	(poetic, rare) Of a bell or clock: to chime or sound to indicate (the hour, the time, etc.). 
v	(rare) To mark (something) with lines or stripes; to stripe. 
v	(ball games) To hit or kick (the ball) with a flowing or smooth motion; also, to score (a goal, a point, etc.) by doing so. 
v	(rowing) 
v	(swimming) To strike (the water) with one's arms and legs when swimming. 
v	(obsolete) To depict (something) with a paintbrush. 
v	(medicine) Chiefly followed by out: to suffer loss of brain function when the blood supply to the brain is suddenly interrupted; to have a stroke (noun sense 4). 
v	(swimming) To swim by making co-ordinated movements with the arms and legs. 
v	To move one's hand or an object (such as a broom or brush) along (a surface) in one direction, touching it lightly; to caress. 
v	(also figuratively) To bring (something) to a certain condition by stroking (sense 1). 
v	(especially psychoanalysis) To give assurance to (someone) through encouragement. 
v	(by extension, chiefly US, politics) To influence (someone) by convincing or flattering them. 
v	(agriculture) To milk (a cow or other animal); especially, to squeeze the teat of (a cow, etc.) to extract the last bit of milk from the udder; to strap (dialectal), to strip. 
v	(masonry) To give a finely fluted surface to (stone) by carving it with a tool. 
v	To sharpen (a knife or other cutting instrument) by honing or rubbing it against a surface. 
v	(figuratively) To soothe (someone); also, to flatter or indulge (someone). 
n	An act of moving one's hand or an object along a surface in one direction, touching it lightly; a caress. 
n	A gesture of assurance given as encouragement; specifically (psychoanalysis) in transactional analysis: a (generally positive) reaction expressed to a person which fulfils their desires or needs. 
n	(chiefly US) A flattering or friendly act, comment, etc., done or made to a person to influence them. 
