n	(informal) Miscellaneous items or objects; (with possessive) personal effects. 
n	(obsolete, uncountable) Furniture; goods; domestic vessels or utensils. 
n	(informal) Unspecified things or matters. 
n	(archaic) A material for making clothing; any woven textile, but especially a woollen fabric. 
n	(archaic) Boards used for building. 
n	Abstract/figurative substance or character. 
n	Paper stock ground ready for use. When partly ground, it is called half stuff. 
n	(informal) Used as placeholder, usually for material of unknown type or name. 
n	(slang) Narcotic drugs, especially heroin. 
n	(obsolete) A medicine or mixture; a potion. 
n	(sometimes euphemistic) Refuse or worthless matter; hence, also, foolish or irrational language. 
n	(nautical) A melted mass of turpentine, tallow, etc., with which the masts, sides, and bottom of a ship are smeared for lubrication. 
n	(slang, criminal argot, dated) Money. 
v	(transitive) To fill by packing or crowding something into; to cram with something; to load to excess. 
v	(transitive) To fill a space with (something) in a compressed manner. 
v	(transitive, cooking) To fill with seasoning. 
v	(transitive) To load goods into (a container) for transport. 
v	(transitive, used in the passive) To sate. 
v	(takes a reflexive pronoun) To eat, especially in a hearty or greedy manner. 
v	(transitive, Britain, Australia, New Zealand) To break; to destroy. 
v	(transitive, vulgar, Britain, Australia, New Zealand) To sexually penetrate. 
v	(transitive, mildly vulgar, often imperative) Used to contemptuously dismiss or reject something. See also stuff it. 
v	(informal) To heavily defeat or get the better of. 
v	(transitive) To cut off another competitor in a race by disturbing his projected and committed racing line (trajectory) by an abrupt manoeuvre. 
v	To preserve a dead bird or other animal by filling its skin. 
v	(transitive) To obstruct, as any of the organs; to affect with some obstruction in the organs of sense or respiration. 
v	(transitive) To form or fashion by packing with the necessary material. 
v	(transitive, dated) To crowd with facts; to cram the mind of; sometimes, to crowd or fill with false or idle tales or fancies. 
v	(transitive, computing) To compress (a file or files) in the StuffIt format, to be unstuffed later. 
