adj	Of excellent quality, superfine. 
adj	better than average, better than usual; wonderful. 
adv	(informal) Very; extremely (used like the prefix super-). 
n	In any of various contexts, a specifically named instance of a super, such as a particular superintendent, supervisor, or super-weapon. 
n	(Australia, New Zealand, informal) Short for superannuation. [(UK, Australia, New Zealand) A retirement benefit fund, an accumulation of regular deductions from one′s wage or salary while employed and similar regular contributions from the employer, usually administered by an independent entity; a pension.] 
n	Short for supercomputer. [(computing) Any computer that has a far greater processing power than others of its generation; typically they use more than one core and are housed in large clean rooms with high air flow to permit cooling. Typical uses are weather forecasting, nuclear and other natural science simulations, advanced mathematics and animations.] 
n	(comics, slang) Short for superhero. [Any kind of fantasy/science fiction crime-fighting character, often with supernatural powers or equipment, in popular children's and fantasy literature.] 
n	(beekeeping) Short for superhive. [(beekeeping) An empty box placed above the existing boxes of the beehive in order to allow the colony to expand or store additional honey.] 
n	(informal, US) Short for superintendent, especially, a building's resident manager (sometimes clarified as “building super”). [A person who is authorized to supervise, direct or administer something.] 
n	(neologism) Short for supernaturalist, especially as distinguished from bright. [A person who believes in the supernatural.] 
n	Short for supernumerary; (theater) specifically, a supernumerary actor. [A person who works in a group, association, or public office without forming part of the regular staff (the numerary).] 
n	Short for supertanker. [An extremely large tanker ship.] 
n	Short for supervisor. [(management) A person with the official task of overseeing the work of a person or group, or of other operations and activities.] 
v	(beekeeping) Short for superhive. [(beekeeping) To add or to place a superhive atop the existing boxes of the beehive.] 
v	(television) Short for superimpose. [To place an object over another object, usually in such a way that both will be visible.] 
