v	(transitive) To clean (a surface) by means of a stroking motion of a broom or brush. 
v	(intransitive) To move through a (horizontal) arc or similar long stroke. 
v	(transitive) To search (a place) methodically. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To travel quickly. 
v	(cricket) To play a sweep shot. 
v	(curling) To brush the ice in front of a moving stone, causing it to travel farther and to curl less. 
v	(transitive, ergative) To move something in a long sweeping motion, as a broom. 
v	(sports, transitive) To win (a series) without drawing or losing any of the games in that series. 
v	(sports, transitive) To defeat (a team) in a series without drawing or losing any of the games in that series. 
v	(military) To clear (a body of water or part thereof) of mines. 
v	(transitive) To remove something abruptly and thoroughly. 
v	To brush against or over; to rub lightly along. 
v	To carry with a long, swinging, or dragging motion; hence, to carry in a stately or proud fashion. 
v	To strike with a long stroke. 
v	(rowing) To row with one oar to either the port or starboard side. 
v	(nautical) To draw or drag something over. 
v	To pass over, or traverse, with the eye or with an instrument of observation. 
v	(US, regional, including Ohio and Indiana) To vacuum a carpet or rug. 
n	A single action of sweeping. 
n	The person who steers a dragon boat. 
n	A person who stands at the stern of a surf boat, steering with a steering oar and commanding the crew. 
n	A chimney sweep. 
n	A methodical search, typically for bugs (electronic listening devices). 
n	(cricket) A batsman's shot, played from a kneeling position with a swinging horizontal bat. 
n	A lottery, usually on the results of a sporting event, where players win if their randomly chosen team wins. 
n	A flow of water parallel to shore caused by wave action at an ocean beach or at a point or headland. 
n	(aviation) The degree to which an aircraft's wings are angled backwards (or, occasionally, forwards) from their attachments to the fuselage. 
n	(martial arts) A throw or takedown that primarily uses the legs to attack an opponent's legs. 
n	Violent and general destruction. 
n	(metalworking) A movable template for making moulds, in loam moulding. 
n	(card games) In the game casino, the act of capturing all face-up cards from the table. 
n	The compass of any turning body or of any motion. 
n	Direction or departure of a curve, a road, an arch, etc. away from a rectilinear line. 
n	A large oar used in small vessels, partly to propel them and partly to steer them. 
n	(rowing) A rowing style in which each rower rows with oar on either the port or starboard side. 
n	(refining, obsolete) The almond furnace. 
n	A long pole, or piece of timber, moved on a horizontal fulcrum fixed to a tall post and used to raise and lower a bucket in a well for drawing water. 
n	Any of the blades of a windmill. 
n	(in the plural) The sweepings of workshops where precious metals are worked, containing filings, etc. 
n	Any of several sea chubs in the family Kyphosidae (subfamily Scorpidinae). 
n	An expanse or a swath, a strip of land. 
