v	(intransitive) To rotate about an off-centre fixed point. 
v	(intransitive) To dance. 
v	(intransitive) To ride on a swing. 
v	(intransitive) To participate in the swinging lifestyle; to participate in wife-swapping. 
v	(intransitive) To hang from the gallows; to be punished by hanging, swing for something or someone; (often hyperbolic) to be severely punished. 
v	(intransitive, cricket, of a ball) To move sideways in its trajectory. 
v	(transitive, cricket) (of a bowler) To make the ball move sideways in its trajectory. 
v	(intransitive) To fluctuate or change. 
v	(transitive) To move (an object) backward and forward; to wave. 
v	(transitive) To change (a numerical result); especially to change the outcome of an election. 
v	(transitive) To make (something) work; especially to afford (something) financially. 
v	(transitive, music) To play notes that are in pairs by making the first of the pair slightly longer than written (augmentation) and the second shorter, resulting in a bouncy, uneven rhythm. 
v	(transitive and intransitive, boxing) To move one's arm in a punching motion. 
v	(transitive) In dancing, to turn around in a small circle with one's partner, holding hands or arms. 
v	(transitive, engineering) To admit or turn something for the purpose of shaping it; said of a lathe. 
v	(transitive, carpentry) To put (a door, gate, etc.) on hinges so that it can swing or turn. 
v	(nautical) To turn round by action of wind or tide when at anchor. 
v	To turn in a different direction. 
n	The manner in which something is swung. 
n	The sweep or compass of a swinging body. 
n	A line, cord, or other thing suspended and hanging loose, upon which anything may swing. 
n	A hanging seat in a children's playground, for acrobats in a circus, or on a porch for relaxing. 
n	A dance style. 
n	(music) The genre of music associated with this dance style. 
n	The amount of change towards or away from something. 
n	(politics) In an election, the increase or decrease in the number of votes for opposition parties compared with votes for the incumbent party. 
n	(cricket) Sideways movement of the ball as it flies through the air. 
n	Capacity of a turning lathe, as determined by the diameter of the largest object that can be turned in it. 
n	In a musical theater production, a performer who understudies several roles. 
n	A basic dance step in which a pair link hands and turn round together in a circle. 
n	(obsolete) Free course; unrestrained liberty. 
n	Influence or power of anything put in motion. 
n	(boxing) A type of hook with the arm more extended. 
n	A surname. 
