n	(anatomy) The caudal appendage of an animal that is attached to its posterior and near the anus. 
n	An object or part of an object resembling a tail in shape, such as the thongs on a cat-o'-nine-tails. 
n	The back, last, lower, or inferior part of anything. 
n	The feathers attached to the pygostyle of a bird. 
n	The tail-end of an object, e.g. the rear of an aircraft's fuselage, containing the tailfin. 
n	The rear structure of an aircraft, the empennage. 
n	(astronomy) The visible stream of dust and gases blown from a comet by the solar wind. 
n	The latter part of a time period or event, or (collectively) persons or objects represented in this part. 
n	(statistics) The part of a distribution most distant from the mode; as, a long tail. 
n	One who surreptitiously follows another. 
n	(cricket) The lower order of batsmen in the batting order, usually specialist bowlers. 
n	(typography) The lower loop of the letters in the Roman alphabet, as in g, q or y. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) The side of a coin not bearing the head; normally the side on which the monetary value of the coin is indicated; the reverse. 
n	(mathematics) All the last terms of a sequence, from some term on. 
n	(now colloquial, chiefly US) The buttocks or backside. 
n	(slang) The penis of a person or animal. 
n	(slang, uncountable) Sexual intercourse. 
n	(kayaking) The stern; the back of the kayak. 
n	A train or company of attendants; a retinue. 
n	(anatomy) The distal tendon of a muscle. 
n	(entomology) A filamentous projection on the tornal section of each hind wing of certain butterflies. 
n	A downy or feathery appendage of certain achens, formed of the permanent elongated style. 
n	(surgery) A portion of an incision, at its beginning or end, which does not go through the whole thickness of the skin, and is more painful than a complete incision; called also tailing. 
n	One of the strips at the end of a bandage formed by splitting the bandage one or more times. 
n	(nautical) A rope spliced to the strap of a block, by which it may be lashed to anything. 
n	(music) The part of a note which runs perpendicularly upward or downward from the head; the stem. 
n	(mining) A tailing. 
n	(architecture) The bottom or lower portion of a member or part such as a slate or tile. 
n	(colloquial, dated) A tailcoat. 
n	(electrical engineering) Synonym of pigtail (“a short length of twisted electrical wire”) 
v	(transitive) To follow and observe surreptitiously. 
v	(architecture) To hold by the end; said of a timber when it rests upon a wall or other support; with in or into 
v	(nautical) To swing with the stern in a certain direction; said of a vessel at anchor. 
v	To follow or hang to, like a tail; to be attached closely to, as that which can not be evaded. 
v	To pull or draw by the tail. 
adj	(law) Limited; abridged; reduced; curtailed. 
n	(law) Limitation of inheritance to certain heirs. 
n	(Chinese astronomy) A Chinese constellation coinciding with the tail of Scorpius, one of the 28 lunar mansions and the tail of Azure Dragon. 
