v	(transitive) To seize or capture. 
v	(transitive) To catch or get possession of (fish or game). 
v	(transitive, cricket) To catch the ball; especially as a wicket-keeper and after the batsman has missed or edged it. 
v	(transitive) To appropriate or transfer into one's own possession, sometimes by physically carrying off. 
v	(transitive) To exact. 
v	(transitive) To capture or win (a piece or trick) in a game. 
v	(transitive) To receive or accept (something) as payment or compensation. 
v	(transitive) To accept and follow (advice, etc). 
v	(transitive) To receive into some relationship. 
v	(transitive, intransitive, law) To receive or acquire (property) by law (e.g. as an heir). 
v	(transitive) To remove or end by death; to kill. 
v	(transitive) To subtract. 
v	(transitive) To have sex with. 
v	(vulgar) To admit (a penis or the penis of) into one’s bodily cavity. 
v	(transitive) To defeat (someone or something) in a fight. 
v	(transitive) To grasp or grip. 
v	(transitive) To select or choose; to pick. 
v	(transitive) To adopt (select) as one's own. 
v	(transitive, especially of a vehicle) To transport or carry; to convey to another place. 
v	(transitive, of a path, road, etc.) To lead (to a place); to serve as a means of reaching. 
v	(transitive) To pass (or attempt to pass) through or around. 
v	(transitive) To escort or conduct (a person). 
v	(reflexive) To go. 
v	(transitive) To use as a means of transportation. 
v	(obsolete) To visit; to include in a course of travel. 
v	(transitive) To obtain for use by payment or lease. 
v	(transitive) To obtain or receive regularly by (paid) subscription. 
v	(transitive) To receive (medicine) into one's body, e.g. by inhalation or swallowing; to ingest. 
v	(transitive) To partake of (food or drink); to consume. 
v	(transitive) To undergo; to put oneself into, to be subjected to. 
v	(transitive) To experience or feel. 
v	(transitive) To submit to; to endure (without ill humor, resentment, or physical failure). 
v	(transitive) To suffer; to endure (a hardship or damage). 
v	(transitive) To participate in. 
v	(transitive) To cause to change to a specified state or condition. 
v	(transitive) To regard in a specified way. 
v	(transitive) To conclude or form (a decision or an opinion) in the mind. 
v	(transitive) To understand (especially in a specified way). 
v	(transitive) To accept or be given (rightly or wrongly); assume (especially as if by right). 
v	(transitive) To believe, to accept the statements of. 
v	(transitive) To assume or suppose; to reckon; to regard or consider. 
v	(transitive) To draw, derive, or deduce (a meaning from something). 
v	(transitive) To derive (as a title); to obtain from a source. 
v	(transitive) To catch or contract (an illness, etc). 
v	(transitive) To come upon or catch (in a particular state or situation). 
v	(transitive) To captivate or charm; to gain or secure the interest or affection of. 
v	(transitive, of a material) To absorb or be impregnated by (dye, ink, etc); to be susceptible to being treated by (polish, etc). 
v	(transitive, of a ship) To let in (water). 
v	(transitive) To require. 
v	(transitive) To proceed to fill. 
v	(transitive) To fill, to use up (time or space). 
v	(transitive) To avail oneself of. 
v	(transitive) To practice; perform; execute; carry out; do. 
v	(transitive) To assume (a form). 
v	(transitive) To perform (a role). 
v	(transitive) To assume and undertake the duties of (a job, an office, etc). 
v	(transitive) To bind oneself by. 
v	(transitive) To move into. 
v	(transitive) To go into, through, or along. 
v	(transitive) To have and use one's recourse to. 
v	(transitive) To ascertain or determine by measurement, examination or inquiry. 
v	(transitive) To write down; to get in, or as if in, writing. 
v	(transitive) To make (a photograph, film, or other reproduction of something). 
v	(transitive, dated) To take a picture, photograph, etc of (a person, scene, etc). 
v	(transitive) To obtain money from, especially by swindling. 
v	(transitive, now chiefly by enrolling in a class or course) To apply oneself to the study of. 
v	(transitive) To deal with. 
v	(transitive) To consider in a particular way, or to consider as an example. 
v	(transitive, baseball) To decline to swing at (a pitched ball); to refrain from hitting at, and allow to pass. 
v	(transitive, grammar) To have to be used with (a certain grammatical form, etc). 
v	(transitive, mathematics, computing) To accept (zero or more arguments). 
v	(intransitive) To get or accept (something) into one's possession. 
v	(Of ink; dye; etc.) To adhere or be absorbed properly. 
v	(of a plant, etc) To begin to grow after being grafted or planted; to (literally or figuratively) take root, take hold. 
v	(of a mechanical device) To catch; to engage. 
v	(possibly dated) To win acceptance, favor or favorable reception; to charm people. 
v	To have the intended effect. 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To become; to be affected in a specified way. 
v	(intransitive, possibly dated) To be able to be accurately or beautifully photographed. 
v	(intransitive, dialectal, proscribed) An intensifier. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To deliver, bring, give (something) to (someone). 
v	(transitive, obsolete outside dialects and slang) To give or deliver (a blow, to someone); to strike or hit. 
n	The or an act of taking. 
n	Money that is taken in, (legal or illegal) proceeds, income; (in particular) profits. 
n	The or a quantity of fish, game animals or pelts, etc which have been taken at one time; catch. 
n	An interpretation or view, opinion or assessment; perspective; a statement expressing such a position. 
n	An approach, a (distinct) treatment. 
n	(film) A scene recorded (filmed) at one time, without an interruption or break; a recording of such a scene. 
n	(music) A recording of a musical performance made during an uninterrupted single recording period. 
n	A visible (facial) response to something, especially something unexpected; a facial gesture in response to an event. 
n	(medicine) An instance of successful inoculation/vaccination. 
n	(rugby, cricket) A catch of the ball (in cricket, especially one by the wicket-keeper). 
n	(printing) The quantity of copy given to a compositor at one time. 
