v	(transitive) To hurl; to cause an object to move rapidly through the air. 
v	(transitive) To eject or cause to fall off. 
v	(transitive) To move to another position or condition; to displace. 
v	(ceramics) To make (a pot) by shaping clay as it turns on a wheel. 
v	(transitive, cricket, of a bowler) To deliver (the ball) illegally by straightening the bowling arm during delivery. 
v	(transitive, computing) To send (an error) to an exception-handling mechanism in order to interrupt normal processing. 
v	(sports, video games) To intentionally lose a game. 
v	(transitive, informal) To confuse or mislead. 
v	(figuratively) To send desperately. 
v	(transitive) To imprison. 
v	To organize an event, especially a party. 
v	(transitive, intransitive) To roll (a die or dice). 
v	(transitive) To cause a certain number on the die or dice to be shown after rolling it. 
v	(transitive, bridge) To discard. 
v	(martial arts) To lift the opponent off the ground and bring him back down, especially into a position behind the thrower. 
v	(transitive, said of one's voice) To change in order to give the illusion that the voice is that of someone else. 
v	(transitive) To show sudden emotion, especially anger. 
v	(transitive) To project or send forth. 
v	To put on hastily; to spread carelessly. 
v	To twist two or more filaments of (silk, etc.) so as to form one thread; to twist together, as singles, in a direction contrary to the twist of the singles themselves; sometimes applied to the whole class of operations by which silk is prepared for the weaver. 
v	(baseball, slang, of a team, a manager, etc.) To select (a pitcher); to assign a pitcher to a given role (such as starter or reliever). 
v	(transitive) To install (a bridge). 
v	(obsolete, Scotland, Northern England) To twist or turn. 
v	(American football) Synonym of pass 
v	(transitive, of a punch or boxing combination) To deliver. 
v	(transitive, veterinary medicine) Of animals: to give birth to (young). 
n	The flight of a thrown object. 
n	The act of throwing something. 
n	One's ability to throw. 
n	A distance travelled; displacement. 
n	A piece of fabric used to cover a bed, sofa or other soft furnishing. 
n	A single instance, occurrence, venture, or chance. 
n	(veterinary medicine) The act of giving birth in animals, especially in cows. 
n	(obsolete) A moment, time, occasion. 
n	(obsolete) A period of time; a while. 
n	Obsolete spelling of throe [A severe pang or spasm of pain, especially one experienced when the uterus contracts during childbirth, or when a person is about to die.] 
v	Obsolete spelling of throe [(transitive) To cause (someone) to feel throes, as if in childbirth; to put in agony.] 
