n	(physics, usually uncountable) A dimension of spacetime with the opposite metric signature to space dimensions; the fourth dimension. 
n	(physics, uncountable) Change associated with the second law of thermodynamics; the physical and psychological result of increasing entropy. 
n	(physics, uncountable, reductionist definition) The property of a system which allows it to have more than one distinct configuration. 
n	(uncountable) A quantity of availability of duration. 
n	(countable) A measurement of a quantity of time; a numerical or general indication of a length of progression. 
n	(uncountable, slang) The serving of a prison sentence. 
n	(countable) An experience. 
n	(countable) An era; (with the, sometimes in plural) the current era, the current state of affairs. 
n	(uncountable, with possessive) A person's youth or young adulthood, as opposed to the present day. 
n	(only in singular, sports and figuratively) Time out; temporary, limited suspension of play. 
n	(uncountable) How much of a day has passed; the moment, as indicated by a clock or similar device. 
n	(countable) A particular moment or hour; the appropriate moment or hour for something (especially with prepositional phrase or imperfect subjunctive). 
n	(countable) A numerical indication of a particular moment. 
n	(countable) An instance or occurrence. 
n	(UK, in public houses) Closing time. 
n	The hour of childbirth. 
n	(as someone's time) The end of someone's life, conceived by the speaker as having been predestined. 
n	(countable) The measurement under some system of region of day or moment. 
n	(countable) Ratio of comparison. 
n	(grammar, dated) Tense. 
n	(music) The measured duration of sounds; measure; tempo; rate of movement; rhythmical division. 
v	To measure or record the time, duration, or rate of. 
v	To choose when something begins or how long it lasts. 
v	(obsolete) To keep or beat time; to proceed or move in time. 
v	(obsolete) To pass time; to delay. 
v	To regulate as to time; to accompany, or agree with, in time of movement. 
v	To measure, as in music or harmony. 
