n	The extreme end of something, especially when pointed; e.g. the sharp end of a pencil. 
n	A piece of metal, fabric or other material used to cover the top of something for protection, utility or decoration. 
n	(music) The end of a bow of a stringed instrument that is not held. 
n	(chiefly in the plural) A small piece of meat. 
n	A piece of stiffened lining pasted on the inside of a hat crown. 
n	A thin, boarded brush made of camel's hair, used by gilders in lifting gold leaf. 
n	Synonym of eartip (“part of earbuds”) 
v	(transitive) To provide with a tip; to cover the tip of. 
v	(ergative) (To cause) to become knocked over, fall down or overturn. 
v	(ergative) (To cause) to be, or come to be, in a tilted or sloping position; (to cause) to become unbalanced. 
v	To cause the contents of a container to be emptied out by tilting it. 
v	(transitive, slang, dated) To drink. 
v	(transitive) To dump (refuse). 
v	(US, transitive) To pour a libation or a liquid from a container, particularly from a forty of malt liquor. 
v	(transitive) To deflect with one′s fingers, especially one′s fingertips. 
n	(skittles, obsolete) The knocking over of a skittle. 
n	An act of tipping up or tilting. 
n	(UK, Australia, New Zealand) An area or a place for dumping something, such as rubbish or refuse, as from a mine; a heap (see tipple); a dump. 
n	(UK, Australia, New Zealand) Rubbish thrown from a quarry. 
n	(UK, Australia, New Zealand, by extension) A recycling centre. 
n	(colloquial) A very untidy place. 
n	The act of deflecting with one's fingers, especially the fingertips 
n	A tram for expeditiously transferring coal. 
v	(now rare) To hit quickly and lightly; to tap. 
n	(now rare) A light blow or tap. 
v	To give a small gratuity to, especially to an employee of someone who provides a service. 
v	(thieves′ slang) To give, pass. 
n	A gratuity; a small amount of money left for a bartender, waiter, taxi driver or other servant as a token of appreciation. 
n	A piece of private or secret information, especially imparted by someone with expert knowledge about sporting odds, business performance etc. 
n	A piece of advice. 
v	To give a piece of private information to; to inform (someone) of a clue, secret knowledge, etc. 
n	(African-American Vernacular) A kick or phase; one's current habits or behaviour. 
n	(African-American Vernacular) A particular arena or sphere of interest; a front. 
n	(computing) Initialism of Tertiary Ideographic Plane, the fourth 65,536-codepoint plane in Unicode (from U+30000 through U+3FFFF). 
n	(sports) Abbreviation of Tipperary. [A county of Ireland.] 
n	(possibly offensive) Initialism of trans-identified person. 
