n	The flexible muscular organ in the mouth that is used to move food around, for tasting and that is moved into various positions to modify the flow of air from the lungs in order to produce different sounds in speech. 
n	(countable, uncountable) This organ, as taken from animals used for food (especially cows). 
n	Any similar organ, such as the lingual ribbon, or odontophore, of a mollusk; the proboscis of a moth or butterfly; or the lingua of an insect. 
n	(metonymically) A language. 
n	(obsolete) Speakers of a language, collectively. 
n	(obsolete) Voice (the distinctive sound of a person's speech); accent (distinctive manner of pronouncing a language). 
n	Manner of speaking, often habitually. 
n	(metonymically) A person speaking in a specified manner (most often plural). 
n	The power of articulate utterance; speech generally. 
n	(obsolete) Discourse; fluency of speech or expression. 
n	(obsolete, uncountable) Discourse; fluency of speech or expression. 
n	(obsolete) Honourable discourse; eulogy. 
n	(religion, often in the plural) Glossolalia. 
n	In a shoe, the flap of material that goes between the laces and the foot (so called because it resembles a tongue in the mouth). 
n	Any large or long physical protrusion on an automotive or machine part or any other part that fits into a long groove on another part. 
n	A projection, or slender appendage or fixture. 
n	A long, narrow strip of land, projecting from the mainland into a sea or lake. 
n	The pole of a vehicle; especially, the pole of an ox cart, to the end of which the oxen are yoked. 
n	The clapper of a bell. 
n	(figuratively) An individual point of flame from a fire. 
n	A small sole (type of fish). 
n	(nautical) A short piece of rope spliced into the upper part of standing backstays, etc.; also, the upper main piece of a mast composed of several pieces. 
n	(music) A reed. 
n	(geology) A division of formation; A layer or member of a formation that pinches out in one direction. 
v	(music, transitive, intransitive) On a wind instrument, to articulate a note by starting the air with a tap of the tongue, as though by speaking a 'd' or 't' sound (alveolar plosive). 
v	(slang) To manipulate with the tongue, as in kissing or oral sex. 
v	To protrude in relatively long, narrow sections. 
v	To join by means of a tongue and groove. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To talk; to prate. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To speak; to utter. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To chide; to scold. 
n	A village by the Kyle of Tongue in Sutherland, Highland council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NC5956). 
n	A surname. 
