n	(irrespective of present orientation) the part of something that is usually the top. 
n	The uppermost part of a page, picture, viewing screen, etc. 
n	A lid, cap or cover of a container. 
n	A garment worn to cover the torso. 
n	A framework at the top of a ship's mast to which rigging is attached. 
n	(baseball) The first half of an inning, during which the home team fields and the visiting team bats. 
n	(archaic) The crown of the head, or the hair upon it; the head. 
n	The near end of somewhere 
n	A child’s spinning toy; a spinning top. 
n	(archaic) The chief person; the most prominent one. 
n	The highest rank; the most honourable position; the utmost attainable place. 
n	(BDSM) A dominant partner in a BDSM relationship or roleplay. 
n	(gay slang) A man penetrating or with a preference for penetrating during homosexual intercourse. 
n	(slang, African-American Vernacular, MLE, MTE) Oral stimulation of the male member, a blowjob. 
n	(particle physics) A top quark. 
n	The utmost degree; the acme; the summit. 
n	(ropemaking) A plug, or conical block of wood, with longitudinal grooves on its surface, in which the strands of the rope slide in the process of twisting. 
n	(sound) Highest pitch or loudest volume. 
n	(wool manufacture) A bundle or ball of slivers of combed wool, from which the noils, or dust, have been taken out. 
n	(obsolete, except in one sense of phrase on top of) Eve; verge; point. 
n	The part of a cut gem between the girdle, or circumference, and the table, or flat upper surface. 
n	(in the plural, slang, dated) Topboots. 
n	(golf) A stroke on the top of the ball. 
n	(golf) A forward spin given to the ball by hitting it on or near the top. 
n	(in restaurants, preceded by a number) (A table at which there is, or which has enough seats for) a group of a specified number of people eating at a restaurant. 
v	To cover on the top or with a top. 
v	To excel, to surpass, to beat, to exceed. 
v	To be in the lead, to be at number one position (of). 
v	To cut or remove the top (as of a tree) 
v	(Britain, slang, reflexive) To commit suicide. 
v	(Britain, slang, rare) To murder. 
v	(BDSM) To be the dominant partner in a BDSM relationship or roleplay. 
v	(gay slang, transitive, intransitive) To anally penetrate in gay sex. 
v	(archaic) To rise aloft; to be eminent; to tower. 
v	(archaic) To excel; to rise above others. 
v	(nautical) To raise one end of (a yard, etc.), making it higher than the other. 
v	(dyeing) To cover with another dye. 
v	To put a stiffening piece or back on (a saw blade). 
v	(slang, dated) To arrange (fruit, etc.) with the best on top. 
v	(of a horse) To strike the top of (an obstacle) with the hind feet while jumping, so as to gain new impetus. 
v	To improve (domestic animals, especially sheep) by crossing certain individuals or breeds with other superior breeds. 
v	To cut, break, or otherwise take off the top of (a steel ingot) to remove unsound metal. 
v	(golf) To strike (the ball) above the centre; also, to make (a stroke, etc.) by hitting the ball in this way. 
adj	Situated on the top of something. 
adj	(informal) Best; of the highest quality or rank. 
adj	(informal) Very good, of high quality, power, or rank. 
adv	Rated first. 
n	A surname. 
