v	(transitive) To make physical contact with; to bring the hand, finger or other part of the body into contact with. 
v	(transitive) To come into (involuntary) contact with; to meet or intersect. 
v	(intransitive) To come into physical contact, or to be in physical contact. 
v	(intransitive) To make physical contact with a thing. 
v	(transitive) To physically disturb; to interfere with, molest, or attempt to harm through contact. 
v	(transitive) To make intimate physical contact with a person. 
v	(transitive or reflexive) To sexually excite with the fingers; to finger or masturbate. 
v	(transitive) To cause to be briefly in contact with something. 
v	(transitive) To physically affect in specific ways implied by context. 
v	(transitive) To consume, or otherwise use. 
v	(intransitive) Of a ship or its passengers: to land, to make a short stop (at). 
v	(transitive, now historical) To lay hands on (someone suffering from scrofula) as a form of cure, as formerly practised by English and French monarchs. 
v	(intransitive, obsolete) To fasten; to take effect; to make impression. 
v	(nautical) To bring (a sail) so close to the wind that its weather leech shakes. 
v	(intransitive, nautical) To be brought, as a sail, so close to the wind that its weather leech shakes. 
v	(nautical) To keep the ship as near (the wind) as possible. 
v	(transitive) To imbue or endow with a specific quality. 
v	(transitive, archaic) To deal with in speech or writing; to mention briefly, to allude to. 
v	(intransitive) To deal with in speech or writing; briefly to speak or write (on or upon something). 
v	(transitive) To concern, to have to do with. 
v	(transitive) To affect emotionally; to bring about tender or painful feelings in. 
v	(transitive, dated) To affect in a negative way, especially only slightly. 
v	(transitive, Scottish history) To give royal assent to by touching it with the sceptre. 
v	(transitive, slang) To obtain money from, usually by borrowing (from a friend). 
v	(transitive, always passive) To disturb the mental functions of; to make somewhat insane; often followed with "in the head". 
v	(transitive, in negative constructions) To be on the level of; to approach in excellence or quality. 
v	(transitive) To come close to; to approach. 
v	(transitive, computing) To mark (a file or document) as having been modified. 
v	To try; to prove, as with a touchstone. 
v	To mark or delineate with touches; to add a slight stroke to with the pencil or brush. 
v	(obsolete) To infect; to affect slightly. 
v	To strike; to manipulate; to play on. 
v	To perform, as a tune; to play. 
v	To influence by impulse; to impel forcibly. 
n	An act of touching, especially with the hand or finger. 
n	The faculty or sense of perception by physical contact. 
n	The style or technique with which one plays a musical instrument. 
n	(music) The particular or characteristic mode of action, or the resistance of the keys of an instrument to the fingers. 
n	A distinguishing feature or characteristic. 
n	A little bit; a small amount. 
n	The part of a sports field beyond the touchlines or goal-lines. 
n	A relationship of close communication or understanding. 
n	The ability to perform a task well; aptitude. 
n	(obsolete) Act or power of exciting emotion. 
n	(obsolete) An emotion or affection. 
n	(obsolete) Personal reference or application. 
n	A single stroke on a drawing or a picture. 
n	(obsolete) A brief essay. 
n	(obsolete) A touchstone; hence, stone of the sort used for touchstone. 
n	(obsolete) Examination or trial by some decisive standard; test; proof; tried quality. 
n	(shipbuilding) The broadest part of a plank worked top and but, or of one worked anchor-stock fashion (that is, tapered from the middle to both ends); also, the angles of the stern timbers at the counters. 
n	The children's game of tag. 
n	(bell-ringing) A set of changes less than the total possible on seven bells, i.e. less than 5,040. 
n	(slang) An act of borrowing or stealing something. 
n	(UK, plumbing, dated) Tallow. 
n	Form; standard of performance. 
n	(Australian rules football) A disposal of the ball during a game, i.e. a kick or a handball. 
