n	A mark left by something that has passed along. 
n	A mark or impression left by the foot, either of man or animal. 
n	The entire lower surface of the foot; said of birds, etc. 
n	A road or other similar beaten path. 
n	Physical course; way. 
n	A path or course laid out for a race, for exercise, etc. 
n	The direction and progress of someone or something; path. 
n	(railways) The way or rails along which a train moves. 
n	A tract or area, such as of land. 
n	(slang) The street, as a prostitute's place of work. 
n	Awareness of something, especially when arising from close monitoring. 
n	(automotive) The distance between two opposite wheels on a same axletree. 
n	(cricket) The pitch. 
n	Sound stored on a record. 
n	The physical track on a record. 
n	(music) A song or other relatively short piece of music, on a record, separated from others by a short silence. 
n	A circular (never-ending) data storage unit on a side of magnetic or optical disk, divided into sectors. 
n	(uncountable, sports) The racing events of track and field; track and field in general. 
n	A themed set of talks within a conference. 
v	(transitive) To observe the (measured) state of a person or object over time. 
v	(transitive) To monitor the movement of a person or object. 
v	(transitive) To match the movement or change of a person or object. 
v	(transitive or intransitive, of a camera) To travel so that a moving object remains in shot. 
v	(intransitive, chiefly of a storm) To move. 
v	(transitive) To traverse; to move across. 
v	(transitive) To tow. 
v	(intransitive) To exhibit good cognitive function. 
v	(transitive) To follow the tracks of. 
v	(transitive) To discover the location of a person or object by following traces. 
v	(transitive) To make tracks on or to leave in the form of tracks. 
v	(transitive or intransitive) To create a musical recording (a track). 
v	(computing, transitive or intransitive) To create music using tracker software. 
v	(intransitive, colloquial) To make sense; to be consistent with known information 
n	(automotive) Short for caterpillar track. [A continuous track in the form of a steel or rubber belt fitted instead of wheels to crawlers, bulldozers, excavators, loaders, backhoes, tanks and similar off-road vehicles.] 
n	(fashion, colloquial) Clipping of trackshoe. [A shoe designed to be worn when running or exercising at an exercise track.] 
