n	The elongated back portion of a dress or skirt (or an ornamental piece of material added to similar effect), which drags along the ground. 
n	A trail or line of something, especially gunpowder. 
n	The tail of a bird. 
n	(obsolete) The tail of an animal in general. 
n	(poetic) The elongated body or form of something narrow and winding, such as the course of a river or the body of a snake. 
n	(astronomy) A transient trail of glowing ions behind a large meteor as it falls through the atmosphere or accompanying a comet as it nears the sun; tail. 
n	(now rare) An animal's trail or track. 
n	(obsolete, hunting) Something dragged or laid along the ground to form a trail of scent or food along which to lure an animal. 
n	(obsolete) Gait or manner of running of a horse. 
n	A group of people following an important figure such as a king or noble; a retinue, a group of retainers. 
n	A group of animals, vehicles, or people that follow one another in a line, such as a wagon train; a caravan or procession. 
n	(figuratively, poetic) A group or class of people. 
n	(military) The men and vehicles following an army, which carry artillery and other equipment for battle or siege. 
n	A sequence of events or ideas which are interconnected; a course or procedure of something. 
n	A set of things, events, or circumstances that follow after or as a consequence; aftermath, wake. 
n	(obsolete) State of progress, status, situation (in phrases introduced by in a + adjective); also proper order or situation (introduced by in or in a alone). 
n	A set of interconnected mechanical parts which operate each other in sequence. 
n	A series of electrical pulses. 
n	A series of specified vehicles (originally tramcars in a mine as usual, later especially railway carriages) coupled together. 
n	A mechanical (traditionally steam-powered, now typically diesel or electrical) vehicle carrying a large number of passengers and freight along a designated track or path; a line of connected cars or carriages considered overall as a mode of transport; (as uncountable noun) rail or road travel. 
n	A long, heavy sleigh used in Canada for the transportation of merchandise, wood, etc. 
n	(computing) A software release schedule. 
n	(sex, slang) An act wherein series of men line up and then penetrate a person, especially as a form of gang rape. 
v	(intransitive) To practice an ability. 
v	(transitive) To teach and form (someone) by practice; to educate (someone). 
v	(intransitive) To improve one's fitness. 
v	(intransitive) To proceed in sequence. 
v	(transitive) To move (a gun) laterally so that it points in a different direction. 
v	(transitive, horticulture) To encourage (a plant or branch) to grow in a particular direction or shape, usually by pruning and bending. 
v	(transitive, mining) To trace (a lode or any mineral appearance) to its head. 
v	(transitive, video games) To create a trainer for; to apply cheats to (a game). 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To draw (something) along; to trail, to drag (something). 
v	(intransitive, obsolete, of clothing) To trail down or along the ground. 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To draw by persuasion, artifice, or the like; to attract by stratagem; to entice; to allure. 
n	(uncountable, obsolete) Treachery; deceit. 
n	(countable, obsolete) A trick or stratagem. 
n	(countable, obsolete) A trap for animals, a snare; (figuratively) a trap in general. 
n	(countable, obsolete) A lure; a decoy. 
n	(countable, obsolete, falconry) A live bird, handicapped or disabled in some way, provided for a young hawk to kill as training or enticement. 
n	(obsolete) train oil, whale oil. 
n	A surname. 
