n	A journey; an excursion or jaunt. 
n	A stumble or misstep. 
n	(figuratively, archaic) An error; a failure; a mistake. 
n	(colloquial) A period of time in which one experiences drug-induced reverie or hallucinations. 
n	(by extension) Intense involvement in or enjoyment of a condition. 
n	A faux pas, a social error. 
n	(engineering) A mechanical cutout device. 
n	(electricity) A trip-switch or cut-out. 
n	A quick, light step; a lively movement of the feet; a skip. 
n	(obsolete) A small piece; a morsel; a bit. 
n	The act of tripping someone, or causing them to lose their footing. 
n	(nautical) A single board, or tack, in plying, or beating, to windward. 
v	(intransitive) To fall over or stumble over an object as a result of striking it with one's foot 
v	(transitive, sometimes followed by "up") To cause (a person or animal) to fall or stumble by knocking their feet from under them. 
v	(intransitive) To be guilty of a misstep or mistake; to commit an offence against morality, propriety, etc 
v	(transitive, obsolete) To detect in a misstep; to catch; to convict. 
v	(transitive) To activate or set in motion, as in the activation of a trap, explosive, or switch. 
v	(intransitive) To be activated, as by a signal or an event 
v	(intransitive) To experience a state of reverie or to hallucinate, due to consuming psychoactive drugs. 
v	(intransitive) To journey, to make a trip. 
v	(intransitive, dated) To move with light, quick steps; to walk or move lightly; to skip. 
v	(nautical) To raise (an anchor) from the bottom, by its cable or buoy rope, so that it hangs free. 
v	(nautical) To pull (a yard) into a perpendicular position for lowering it. 
v	(slang, African-American Vernacular, most commonly used in the form tripping) To become unreasonably upset, especially over something unimportant; to cause a scene or a disruption. 
adj	(poker slang) Of or relating to trips (three of a kind). 
n	(obsolete, UK, Scotland, dialect) A herd or flock of sheep, goats, etc. 
n	(obsolete) A troop of men; a host. 
n	A flock of wigeons. 
