v	(intransitive) Of a body, person, etc, to move around an axis through itself. 
v	(transitive) To change the direction or orientation of, especially by rotation. 
v	(intransitive) To change one's direction of travel. 
v	(transitive) To shape (something) symmetrically by rotating it against a stationary cutting tool, as on a lathe. 
v	(by extension) To give form to; to shape or mould; to adapt. 
v	(transitive) To position (something) by folding it, or using its folds. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To navigate through a book or other printed material. 
v	(transitive, cricket) Of a bowler, to make (the ball) move sideways off the pitch when it bounces. 
v	(intransitive, cricket) Of a ball, to move sideways off the pitch when it bounces. 
v	(copulative) To become (begin to be). 
v	(intransitive) To change the color of the leaves in the autumn. 
v	To change fundamentally; to metamorphose. 
v	To reach a certain age. 
v	To hinge; to depend. 
v	To rebel; to go against something formerly tolerated. 
v	To change personal condition. 
v	(obsolete, reflexive) To change one's course of action; to take a new approach. 
v	(transitive, usually with over) To complete. 
v	(transitive) To make (money); turn a profit. 
v	(transitive, soccer) Of a player, to go past an opposition player with the ball in one's control. 
v	To undergo the process of turning on a lathe. 
v	(obstetrics) To bring down the feet of a child in the womb, in order to facilitate delivery. 
v	(printing, dated) To invert a type of the same thickness, as a temporary substitute for any sort which is exhausted. 
v	(archaic) To translate. 
v	(transitive, role-playing games) To magically or divinely attack undead. 
n	A change of direction or orientation. 
n	A movement of an object about its own axis in one direction that continues until the object returns to its initial orientation. 
n	(geometry) A unit of plane angle measurement based on this movement. 
n	A walk to and fro. 
n	A chance to use (something) shared in sequence with others. 
n	A spell of work, especially the time allotted to a person in a rota or schedule. 
n	One's chance to make a move in a game having two or more players. 
n	A figure in music, often denoted ~, consisting of the note above the one indicated, the note itself, the note below the one indicated, and the note itself again. 
n	The time required to complete a project. 
n	A fit or a period of giddiness. 
n	A change in temperament or circumstance. 
n	(cricket) A sideways movement of the ball when it bounces (caused by rotation in flight). 
n	(poker) The fourth communal card in Texas hold 'em. 
n	(poker, obsolete) The flop (the first three community cards) in Texas hold 'em. 
n	A deed done to another; an act of kindness or malice. 
n	A single loop of a coil. 
n	(rope) A pass behind or through an object. 
n	Character; personality; nature. 
n	(soccer) An instance of going past an opposition player with the ball in one's control. 
n	(circus, theater, especially physical comedy) A short skit, act, or routine. 
n	(printing, dated) A type turned upside down to serve for another character that is not available. 
n	(UK, finance, historical) The profit made by a stockjobber, being the difference between the buying and selling prices. 
