n	(countable) The act of uniting or joining two or more things into one. 
n	(countable) The state of being united or joined; a state of unity or harmony. 
n	(countable) That which is united, or made one; something formed by a combination or coalition of parts or members; a confederation; a consolidated body; a league. 
n	(countable) A trade union; a workers' union. 
n	(countable) An association of students at a university for social and/or political purposes; also in some cases a debating body. 
n	(countable) A joint or other connection uniting parts of machinery, such as pipes. 
n	(countable, set theory) The set containing all of the elements of two or more sets. 
n	(countable) The act or state of marriage. 
n	(uncountable, archaic, euphemistic) Sexual intercourse. 
n	(countable, programming) A data structure that can store any of various types of item, but only one at a time. 
n	(countable, now rare, archaic) A large, high-quality pearl. 
n	(historical) An affiliation of several parishes for joint support and management of their poor; also the jointly-owned workhouse. 
v	To combine sets using the union operation. 
adj	Belonging to, represented by, or otherwise pertaining to a labour union. 
n	The 0-10-2 locomotive wheel arrangement. 
n	(US, with determiner, dated, especially 19th century) The United States of America. 
n	(US, with determiner, historical) Those of the United States that did not secede at the time of the Civil War (of the United States of America). 
n	(with determiner, historical) The Soviet Union: the proper noun Union is the standard English translation of the proper noun Союз (Sojuz), and all-Union is the standard English translation of всесоюзный (vsesojuznyj). 
n	A community in Central Elgin, Elgin County, Ontario, Canada. 
n	A barangay of Ubay, Bohol, Philippines. 
n	A village on the south cast of the island of Siargao, Surigao del Norte, Philippines. 
n	A number of places in the United States: 
n	A surname. 
n	(Oxford University, informal) The Oxford Union (a debating society); not to be conflated with Oxford University Student Union (a students' union). 
