adv	Away from the surface of the Earth or other planet; in opposite direction to the downward pull of gravity. 
adv	To or at a physically higher or more elevated position. 
adv	To a higher level of some quantity or notional quantity, such as price, volume, pitch, happiness, etc. 
adv	To or in a position of equal advance or equality; not short of, back of, less advanced than, away from, etc.; usually followed by to or with. 
adv	(intensifier) Used as an aspect marker to indicate a completed action or state; thoroughly, completely. 
adv	To or from one's possession or consideration. 
adv	North. 
adv	Towards or at a central place, or any place that is visualised as 'up' by virtue of local features or local convention, or arbitrarily, irrespective of direction or elevation change. 
adv	(rail transport) Towards the principal terminus, towards milepost zero. 
adv	Aside or away, so as no longer to be present or in use. 
adv	(sailing) Against the wind or current. 
adv	(Cartesian graph) In a positive vertical direction. 
adv	(cricket) Relatively close to the batsman. 
adv	(US, bartending) Without additional ice. 
adv	(UK, academia, dated) To university, especially to Cambridge or Oxford. 
adj	Facing upwards. 
adj	On or at a physically higher level. 
adj	Headed or designated to go upward (as an escalator, stairway, elevator etc.) or toward (as a run-up). 
adj	Fitted or fixed at a high or relatively high position, especially on a wall or ceiling. 
adj	(by extension) Available to view or use; made public; posted. 
adj	Aloft. 
adj	Raised; lifted. 
adj	Built, constructed. 
adj	Standing; upright. 
adj	(obsolete) Risen up, rebelling, in revolt. 
adj	Awake and out of bed. 
adj	(horse-racing) Riding the horse; mounted. 
adj	(of the sun or moon) Above the horizon, in the sky. 
adj	Larger; greater in quantity, volume, value etc. 
adj	Indicating a larger or higher quantity. 
adj	Ahead; leading; winning. 
adj	Finished, to an end 
adj	In a good mood. 
adj	(usually in the phrase up for) Willing; ready. 
adj	Next in a sequence. 
adj	(not used attributively) Happening; new; of concern. See also what's up, what's up with. 
adj	(poker, postnominal) Said of the higher-ranking pair in a two pair. 
adj	Well-informed; current. 
adj	(computing) Functional; working. 
adj	(of a railway line or train) Traveling towards a major terminus. 
adj	(US, bartending) Chilled and served without ice. 
adj	(slang) Erect. 
adj	(slang, graffiti) well-known; renowned 
n	(uncountable) The direction opposed to the pull of gravity. 
n	(countable) A positive thing, or a time or situation when things are going well. 
n	(particle physics) An up quark. 
n	An upstairs room of a two story house. 
v	(transitive, poetic or in certain phrases) To physically raise or lift. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To increase the level or amount of. 
v	(transitive, colloquial) To promote. 
v	(intransitive, often in combination with another verb) To rise to a standing position; hence, by extension, to act suddenly; see also up and. 
v	(intransitive, archaic or poetic) To ascend; to climb up. 
v	(computing, slang, transitive) To upload. 
n	Initialism of Upper Peninsula. [The northern of the two peninsulas that make up the US state of Michigan.] 
n	(religion) Initialism of United Presbyterian. 
n	(India) Initialism of Uttar Pradesh. [A state in northern India. Capital: Lucknow] 
n	(software) Initialism of Unified Process. 
n	(Philippines) Initialism of University of the Philippines. 
n	Initialism of unqualified prospect. [A person or company that is a potential client for a sale, but who has not been previously vetted.] 
n	Initialism of university press. 
