v	(intransitive) (often followed by up) To stop sleeping. 
v	(transitive) (often followed by up) To make somebody stop sleeping; to rouse from sleep. 
v	(transitive, figuratively) To put in motion or action; to arouse; to excite. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To be excited or roused up; to be stirred up from a dormant, torpid, or inactive state; to be active. 
v	To watch, or sit up with, at night, as a dead body. 
v	To be or remain awake; not to sleep. 
v	(obsolete) To be alert; to keep watch 
v	(obsolete) To sit up late for festive purposes; to hold a night revel. 
n	(obsolete, poetic) The act of waking, or state of being awake. 
n	The state of forbearing sleep, especially for solemn or festive purposes; a vigil. 
n	A period after a person's death before or after the body is buried, cremated, etc.; in some cultures accompanied by a party and/or collectively sorting through the deceased's personal effects. 
n	(historical, Church of England) A yearly parish festival formerly held in commemoration of the dedication of a church. Originally, prayers were said on the evening preceding, and hymns were sung during the night, in the church; subsequently, these vigils were discontinued, and the day itself, often with succeeding days, was occupied in rural pastimes and exercises, attended by eating and drinking. 
n	A number of vultures assembled together. 
n	(nautical) The path left behind a ship on the surface of the water. 
n	The movement of water created when an animal or a person moves through water. 
n	(aviation) The turbulent air left behind a flying aircraft. 
n	(figuratively) The area behind something, typically a rapidly-moving object. 
n	A surname. 
n	Short for Wake County. [One of 100 counties in North Carolina, United States. County seat: Raleigh, the state capital.] 
n	Short for Wake Island. [An island of the United States, among the islands of Micronesia in the Pacific Ocean, administered by the Office of Insular Affairs of the United States Department of the Interior and used solely by the United States Air Force.] 
