n	A rampart of earth, stones etc. built up for defensive purposes. 
n	A structure built for defense surrounding a city, castle etc. 
n	Each of the substantial structures acting either as the exterior of or divisions within a structure. 
n	A point of desperation. 
n	A point of defeat or extinction. 
n	An impediment to free movement. 
n	The butterfly Lasiommata megera. 
n	(often in combination) A barrier. 
n	A barrier to vision. 
n	Something with the apparent solidity and dimensions of a building wall. 
n	(anatomy, zoology, botany) A divisive or containing structure in an organ or cavity. 
n	(auction) A fictional bidder used to increase the price at an auction. 
n	(US, slang, medicine) A doctor who tries to admit as few patients as possible. 
n	(soccer) A line of defenders set up between an opposing free-kick taker and the goal. 
n	(roller derby) Two or more blockers skating together so as to impede the opposing team. 
n	(mining) Any of the surfaces of rock enclosing the lode. 
n	(Internet) A personal notice board listing messages of interest to a particular user. 
n	(role-playing games) A character that has high defenses, thereby reducing the amount of damage taken from the opponent’s attacks. 
n	(slang, seduction community, chiefly definite) The stage of biological aging where physical appearance and attractiveness start to deteriorate rapidly. 
n	(historical) The right or privilege of taking the side of the road near the wall when encountering another pedestrian. 
v	To enclose with, or as if with, a wall or walls. 
v	To boil. 
v	To well, as water; spring. 
n	(chiefly dialectal) A spring of water. 
n	(nautical) A kind of knot often used at the end of a rope; a wall knot or wale. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To make a wall knot on the end of (a rope). 
n	A surname. 
n	A village in Gwinear-Gwithian parish, south-west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom (OS grid ref SW6036). 
n	A village and civil parish in south Northumberland, England, United Kingdom (OS grid ref NY9169); part of Hadrian's Wall is in the parish. 
n	A village and civil parish in the City of Lichfield district, Staffordshire, England, United Kingdom (OS grid ref SK0906). 
n	A borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. 
n	A town in Pennington County, South Dakota, United States. 
n	An unincorporated community in Tom Green County, Texas, United States. 
n	(historical, slang) the Berlin Wall. 
n	(slang) the Trump Wall. 
n	(slang) the Great Wall of China. 
n	(astronomy) A Chinese constellation located near Pegasus and Andromeda, one of the 28 lunar mansions and part of the larger Black Turtle. 
