v	To clean with water. 
v	(transitive) To move or erode by the force of water in motion. 
v	(mining) To separate valuable material (such as gold) from worthless material by the action of flowing water. 
v	(intransitive) To clean oneself with water. 
v	(transitive) To cover with water or any liquid; to wet; to fall on and moisten. 
v	(intransitive) To move with a lapping or swashing sound; to lap or splash. 
v	(intransitive) To be eroded or carried away by the action of water. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To be cogent, convincing; to withstand critique. 
v	(intransitive) To bear without injury the operation of being washed. 
v	(intransitive) To be wasted or worn away by the action of water, as by a running or overflowing stream, or by the dashing of the sea; said of road, a beach, etc. 
v	To cover with a thin or watery coat of colour; to tint lightly and thinly. 
v	To overlay with a thin coat of metal. 
v	(transitive) To cause dephosphorization of (molten pig iron) by adding substances containing iron oxide, and sometimes manganese oxide. 
v	(transitive) To pass (a gas or gaseous mixture) through or over a liquid for the purpose of purifying it, especially by removing soluble constituents. 
n	The process or an instance of washing or being washed by water or other liquid. 
n	A liquid used for washing. 
n	A lotion or other liquid with medicinal or hygienic properties. 
n	The quantity of clothes washed at a time. 
n	(art) A smooth and translucent painting created using a paintbrush holding a large amount of solvent and a small amount of paint. 
n	The breaking of waves on the shore; the onwards rush of shallow water towards a beach. 
n	The bow wave or wake of a moving ship, or the vortex from its screws. 
n	The turbulence left in the air by a moving airplane. 
n	The backward current or disturbed water caused by the action of oars, or of a steamer's screw or paddles, etc. 
n	(nautical) The blade of an oar. 
n	Ground washed away to the sea or a river. 
n	A piece of ground washed by the action of water, or sometimes covered and sometimes left dry; the shallowest part of a river, or arm of the sea; also, a bog; a marsh. 
n	A shallow body of water. 
n	In arid and semi-arid regions, the normally dry bed of an intermittent or ephemeral stream; an arroyo or wadi. 
n	A situation in which losses and gains or advantages and disadvantages are equivalent; a situation in which there is no net change. 
n	(finance, slang) A fictitious kind of sale of stock or other securities between parties of one interest, or by a broker who is both buyer and seller, and who minds his own interest rather than that of his clients. 
n	Waste liquid, the refuse of food, the collection from washed dishes, etc., from a kitchen, often used as food for pigs; pigwash. 
n	In distilling, the fermented wort before the spirit is extracted. 
n	A mixture of dunder, molasses, water, and scummings, used in the West Indies for distillation. 
n	A thin coat of paint or metal laid on anything for beauty or preservation. 
n	Ten strikes, or bushels, of oysters. 
n	(architecture) The upper surface of a member or material when given a slope to shed water; hence, a structure or receptacle shaped so as to receive and carry off water. 
n	(television) A lighting effect that fills a scene with a chosen colour. 
n	(stagecraft) A lighting fixture that can cast a wide beam of light to evenly fill an area with light, as opposed to a spotlight. 
n	A diminutive of the male given name Washington. 
n	Acronym of Water, Sanitation and Hygiene. 
