n	Excess of material, useless by-products, or damaged, unsaleable products; garbage; rubbish. 
n	Excrement or urine. 
n	A wasteland; an uninhabited desolate region; a wilderness or desert. 
n	A place that has been laid waste or destroyed. 
n	A large tract of uncultivated land. 
n	(historical) The part of the land of a manor (of whatever size) not used for cultivation or grazing, nowadays treated as common land. 
n	A vast expanse of water. 
n	A disused mine or part of one. 
n	The action or progress of wasting; extravagant consumption or ineffectual use. 
n	Large abundance of something, specifically without it being used. 
n	Gradual loss or decay. 
n	A decaying of the body by disease; atrophy; wasting away. 
n	(rare) Destruction or devastation caused by war or natural disasters; see "to lay waste". 
n	(law) A cause of action which may be brought by the owner of a future interest in property against the current owner of that property to prevent the current owner from degrading the value or character of the property, either intentionally or through neglect. 
n	(geology) Material derived by mechanical and chemical erosion from the land, carried by streams to the sea. 
adj	(MTE, slang, derogatory) Useless and contemptible. 
adj	(now rare) Uncultivated, uninhabited. 
adj	Barren; desert. 
adj	Rejected as being defective; eliminated as being worthless; produced in excess. 
adj	Superfluous; needless. 
adj	Dismal; gloomy; cheerless. 
adj	Unfortunate; disappointing. 
v	(transitive) To devastate; to destroy. 
v	(transitive) To squander (money or resources) uselessly; to spend (time) idly. 
v	(transitive, slang) To kill; to murder. 
v	(transitive) To wear away by degrees; to impair gradually; to deteriorate; to diminish by constant loss; to use up; to consume; to spend; to wear out. 
v	(intransitive) To gradually lose weight, weaken, become frail. 
v	(intransitive) To be diminished; to lose bulk, substance, strength, value etc. gradually. 
v	(law) To damage, impair, or injure (an estate, etc.) voluntarily, or by allowing the buildings, fences, etc., to fall into decay. 
