v	To carry or have equipped on or about one's body, as an item of clothing, equipment, decoration, etc. 
v	To have or carry on one's person habitually, consistently; or, to maintain in a particular fashion or manner. 
v	To bear or display in one's aspect or appearance. 
v	(colloquial, with "it") To overcome one's reluctance and endure a (previously specified) situation. 
v	To eat away at, erode, diminish, or consume gradually; to cause a gradual deterioration in; to produce (some change) through attrition, exposure, or constant use. 
v	(intransitive, copulative) To undergo gradual deterioration; become impaired; be reduced or consumed gradually due to any continued process, activity, or use. 
v	To exhaust, fatigue, expend, or weary. 
v	(intransitive) To last or remain durable under hard use or over time; to retain usefulness, value, or desirable qualities under any continued strain or long period of time; sometimes said of a person, regarding the quality of being easy or difficult to tolerate. 
v	(intransitive, colloquial) (in the phrase "wearing on (someone)") To cause annoyance, irritation, fatigue, or weariness near the point of an exhaustion of patience. 
v	(intransitive, of time) To pass slowly, gradually or tediously. 
v	(nautical) To bring (a sailing vessel) onto the other tack by bringing the wind around the stern (as opposed to tacking when the wind is brought around the bow); to come round on another tack by turning away from the wind. Also written "ware". Past: weared, or wore/worn. 
n	(uncountable) (in combination) clothing 
n	(uncountable) damage to the appearance and/or strength of an item caused by use over time 
n	(uncountable) fashion 
v	(now chiefly UK dialectal, transitive) To guard; watch; keep watch, especially from entry or invasion. 
v	(now chiefly UK dialectal, transitive) To defend; protect. 
v	(now chiefly UK dialectal, transitive) To ward off; prevent from approaching or entering; drive off; repel. 
v	(now chiefly UK dialectal, transitive) To conduct or guide with care or caution, as into a fold or place of safety. 
n	A river in the counties of County Durham and Tyne and Wear, north east England. The cities of Durham and Sunderland are situated upon its banks. 
