adj	Made up of liquid or moisture, usually (but not always) water. 
adj	Of an object, etc.: covered or impregnated with liquid, usually (but not always) water. 
adj	Of a burrito, sandwich, or other food: covered in a sauce. 
adj	Of calligraphy and fountain pens: depositing a large amount of ink from the nib or the feed. 
adj	Of a sound recording: having had audio effects applied. 
adj	Of weather or a time period: rainy. 
adj	(aviation) Using afterburners or water injection for increased engine thrust. 
adj	(slang) Of a person: inexperienced in a profession or task; having the characteristics of a rookie. 
adj	(slang, vulgar) (of a female) Sexually aroused and thus having the vulva moistened with vaginal secretions. 
adj	(Britain, slang) Ineffectual, feeble, showing no strength of character. 
adj	(retronym) Permitting alcoholic beverages. 
adj	(slang, archaic) Refreshed with liquor; drunk. 
adj	(biology, chemistry) Of a scientist or laboratory: working with biological or chemical matter. 
adj	(chemistry) Employing, or done by means of, water or some other liquid. 
adj	(slang, euphemistic) Involving assassination or "wet work". 
adj	(dated or obsolete, colloquial) Of a Quaker: liberal with respect to religious observance. 
n	Liquid or moisture. 
n	Rainy weather. 
n	(Australia) Rainy season. (often capitalized) 
n	(Britain, UK politics, derogatory) A moderate Conservative; especially, one who opposed the hard-line policies of British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s. 
n	(colloquial) An alcoholic drink. 
n	(US, colloquial) One who supports the consumption of alcohol and thus opposes Prohibition. 
n	(motor racing, in the plural) A tyre for use in wet weather. 
n	(colloquial, derogatory) A weak or sentimental person; a wimp or softie. 
v	(transitive) To cover or impregnate with liquid. 
v	(transitive) To accidentally urinate in or on. 
v	(intransitive) To make or become wet. 
v	(transitive, soldering) To form an intermetallic bond between a solder and a metal substrate. 
v	(transitive, informal) To celebrate by drinking alcohol. 
v	(US, MLE, MTE, slang) To kill or seriously injure. 
adj	(software engineering) Of code, having the quality of adhering to the principle of WET; containing much repetition. 
v	Misspelling of whet. [(transitive) To hone or rub on with some substance, as a piece of stone, for the purpose of sharpening – see whetstone.] 
