adj	Bright and colourless; reflecting equal quantities of all frequencies of visible light. 
adj	(sometimes capitalized) Of or relating to Caucasians, people of European descent with light-coloured skin. 
adj	(chiefly historical) Designated for use by Caucasians. 
adj	Relatively light or pale in colour. 
adj	Pale or pallid, as from fear, illness, etc. 
adj	(of a person or skin) Lacking coloration (tan) from ultraviolet light; not tanned. 
adj	(of an animal) Affected by leucism. 
adj	(of coffee or tea) Containing cream, milk, or creamer. 
adj	(board games, chess) The standard denomination of the playing pieces of a board game deemed to belong to the white set, no matter what the actual colour. 
adj	Pertaining to an ecclesiastical order whose adherents dress in white habits; Cistercian. 
adj	Honourable, fair; decent. 
adj	Grey, as from old age; having silvery hair; hoary. 
adj	(archaic) Characterized by freedom from that which disturbs, and the like; fortunate; happy; favourable. 
adj	(obsolete) Regarded with especial favour; favourite; darling. 
adj	(politics) Pertaining to constitutional or anti-revolutionary political parties or movements. 
adj	(of tea) Made from immature leaves and shoots. 
adj	(typography) Not containing characters; see white space. 
adj	(typography) Said of a symbol or character outline, not solid, not filled with color. Compare black (“said of a character or symbol filled with color”). 
adj	Characterised by the presence of snow. 
adj	(of a set of armor) Alwhite, pertaining to white armor. 
n	The color/colour of snow or milk; the colour of light containing equal amounts of all visible wavelengths. 
n	A person of European descent with light-coloured skin. 
n	Any butterfly of the subfamily Pierinae in the family Pieridae. 
n	(countable and uncountable) White wine. 
n	(countable and uncountable) White coffee 
n	The albumen of bird eggs (egg white). 
n	(anatomy) The sclera, white of the eye. 
n	(sports, billiards, snooker, pool) The cue ball in cue games. 
n	(slang, US, UK) Cocaine 
n	The snow- or ice-covered "green" in snow golf. 
n	A white pigment. 
n	A white bean 
n	(archery) The central part of the butt, which was formerly painted white; the centre of a mark at which a missile is shot. 
n	The enclosed part of a letter of the alphabet, especially when handwritten. 
n	A feather, from the wing of the cock ostrich, that is of the palest possible shade. 
v	(transitive) To make white; to whiten; to bleach. 
n	A common British and Irish surname transferred from the nickname. 
n	A minor city in Bartow County, Georgia; named for its first postmaster. 
n	A city in South Dakota; named for its first European settler. 
n	An unincorporated community in Washington; named for a Washington state judge. 
n	A ghost town in Missouri; named for a local mining official. 
n	(historical, politics) An anticommunist who fought against the Reds during the Russian Civil War; the term is mostly associated with monarchist forces. 
adj	Alternative letter-case form of white (“of or relating to Caucasians”) [Bright and colourless; reflecting equal quantities of all frequencies of visible light.] 
n	Alternative letter-case form of white (“Caucasian”) [The color/colour of snow or milk; the colour of light containing equal amounts of all visible wavelengths.] 
