n	(countable, uncountable) Real or perceived movement of atmospheric air usually caused by convection or differences in air pressure. 
n	Air artificially put in motion by any force or action. 
n	(countable, uncountable) The ability to breathe easily. 
n	News of an event, especially by hearsay or gossip. (Used with catch, often in the past tense.) 
n	One of the five basic elements in Indian and Japanese models of the Classical elements. 
n	(uncountable, colloquial) Flatus. 
n	Breath modulated by the respiratory and vocal organs, or by an instrument. 
n	(music) The woodwind section of an orchestra. Occasionally also used to include the brass section. 
n	A direction from which the wind may blow; a point of the compass; especially, one of the cardinal points, which are often called the "four winds". 
n	Types of playing-tile in the game of mah-jongg, named after the four winds. 
n	A disease of sheep, in which the intestines are distended with air, or rather affected with a violent inflammation. It occurs immediately after shearing. 
n	Mere breath or talk; empty effort; idle words. 
n	A bird, the dotterel. 
n	(boxing, slang) The region of the solar plexus, where a blow may paralyze the diaphragm and cause temporary loss of breath or other injury. 
v	(transitive) To blow air through a wind instrument or horn to make a sound. 
v	(transitive) To cause (someone) to become breathless, as by a blow to the abdomen, or by physical exertion, running, etc. 
v	(transitive, Britain) To cause a baby to bring up wind by patting its back after being fed. 
v	(transitive, Britain) To turn a boat or ship around, so that the wind strikes it on the opposite side. 
v	(transitive) To expose to the wind; to winnow; to ventilate. 
v	(transitive) To perceive or follow by scent. 
v	(transitive) To rest (a horse, etc.) in order to allow the breath to be recovered; to breathe. 
v	(transitive) To turn a windmill so that its sails face into the wind. 
v	(transitive) To turn coils of (a cord or something similar) around something. 
v	(transitive) To tighten the spring of a clockwork mechanism such as that of a clock. 
v	(transitive) To entwist; to enfold; to encircle. 
v	(intransitive) To travel in a way that is not straight. 
v	(transitive) To have complete control over; to turn and bend at one's pleasure; to vary or alter or will; to regulate; to govern. 
v	(transitive) To introduce by insinuation; to insinuate. 
v	(transitive) To cover or surround with something coiled about. 
v	(transitive) To cause to move by exerting a winding force; to haul or hoist, as by a winch. 
v	(transitive, nautical) To turn (a ship) around, end for end. 
n	The act of winding or turning; a turn; a bend; a twist. 
n	A surname 
