n	An appendage of an animal's (bird, bat, insect) body that enables it to fly 
n	A fin at the side of a ray or similar fish 
n	(slang) Human arm. 
n	(aviation) Part of an aircraft that produces the lift for rising into the air. 
n	One of the large pectoral fins of a flying fish. 
n	One of the broad, thin, anterior lobes of the foot of a pteropod, used as an organ in swimming. 
n	(botany) Any membranaceous expansion, such as that along the sides of certain stems, or of a fruit of the kind called samara. 
n	(botany) Either of the two side petals of a papilionaceous flower. 
n	A side shoot of a tree or plant; a branch growing up by the side of another. 
n	Passage by flying; flight. 
n	Limb or instrument of flight; means of flight or of rapid motion. 
n	A part of something that is lesser in size than the main body, such as an extension from the main building. 
n	Anything that agitates the air as a wing does, or is put in winglike motion by the action of the air, such as a fan or vane for winnowing grain, the vane or sail of a windmill, etc. 
n	A protruding piece of material on a menstrual pad to hold it in place and prevent leakage. 
n	An ornament worn on the shoulder; a small epaulet or shoulder knot. 
n	A cosmetic effect where eyeliner curves outward and ends at a point. 
n	A faction of a political movement. Usually implies a position apart from the mainstream center position. 
n	(Britain) A unit of command consisting of two or more squadrons and itself being a sub-unit of a group or station. 
n	(US) A larger formation of two or more groups, which in turn control two or more squadrons. 
n	(Britain) A panel of a car which encloses the wheel area, especially the front wheels. 
n	(nautical) A platform on either side of the bridge of a vessel, normally found in pairs. 
n	(nautical) That part of the hold or orlop of a vessel which is nearest the sides. In a fleet, one of the extremities when the ships are drawn up in line, or when forming the two sides of a triangle. 
n	(sports) A position in several field games on either side of the field. 
n	(sports) A player occupying such a position, also called a winger 
n	(typography, informal, rare) A háček. 
n	(theater) One of the unseen areas on the side of the stage in a theatre. 
n	(in the plural) The insignia of a qualified pilot or aircrew member. 
n	A portable shelter consisting of a fabric roof on a frame, like a tent without sides. 
n	On the enneagram, one of the two adjacent types to an enneatype that forms an individual's subtype of his or her enneatype. 
v	(transitive) To injure slightly (as with a gunshot), especially in the wing or arm. 
v	(intransitive) To fly. 
v	(transitive, of a building) To add a wing (extra part) to. 
v	(transitive) To act or speak extemporaneously; to improvise; to wing it. 
v	(transitive) To throw. 
v	(transitive) To furnish with wings. 
v	(transitive) To transport with, or as if with, wings; to bear in flight, or speedily. 
v	(transitive) To traverse by flying. 
n	A surname. 
n	A large village and civil parish in Buckinghamshire, England (OS grid ref SP8822). 
n	A village and civil parish in Rutland, England (OS grid ref SK8903). 
n	An unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States. 
n	A small town in Burleigh County, North Dakota, United States. 
