n	(uncountable) Metal formed into a thin, even thread, now usually by being drawn through a hole in a steel die. 
n	A piece of such material; a thread or slender rod of metal, a cable. 
n	A metal conductor that carries electricity. 
n	A fence made of usually barbed wire. 
n	(sports) A finish line of a racetrack. 
n	(informal) A telecommunication wire or cable. 
n	(by extension) An electric telegraph; a telegram. 
n	(slang) A hidden listening device on the person of an undercover operative for the purposes of obtaining incriminating spoken evidence. 
n	(informal) A deadline or critical endpoint. 
n	(billiards) A wire strung with beads and hung horizontally above or near the table which is used to keep score. 
n	(usually in the plural) Any of the system of wires used to operate the puppets in a puppet show; hence, the network of hidden influences controlling the action of a person or organization; strings. 
n	(archaic, thieves' slang) A pickpocket, especially one who targets women. 
n	(slang) A covert signal sent between people cheating in a card game. 
n	(Scotland) A knitting needle. 
n	The slender shaft of the plumage of certain birds. 
v	To fasten with wire, especially with reference to wine bottles, corks, or fencing. 
v	To string on a wire. 
v	To equip with wires for use with electricity. 
v	To add (something) into a system (especially an electrical system) by means of wiring. 
v	To add or connect (something) into a system as if with wires (for example, with nerves). 
v	To connect, involve or embed (something) deeply or intimately into (something else, such as an organization or political scene), so that it is plugged in (to that thing) (“keeping up with current information about (the thing)”) or has insinuated itself into (the thing). 
v	(figuratively, usually passive) To set or predetermine (someone's personality or behaviour, or an organization's culture) in a particular way. 
v	To send a message or monetary funds to another person through a telecommunications system, formerly predominantly by telegraph. 
v	(slang) To make someone tense or psyched up. See also adjective wired. 
v	(slang) To install eavesdropping equipment. 
v	To snare by means of a wire or wires. 
v	(transitive, croquet) To place (a ball) so that the wire of a wicket prevents a successful shot. 
n	A surname. 
