n	Labour, occupation, job. 
n	The place where one is employed. 
n	(by extension) One's employer. 
n	(dated) A factory; a works. 
n	Effort expended on a particular task. 
n	Sustained human effort to overcome obstacles and achieve a result. 
n	Something on which effort is expended. 
n	(physics) A measure of energy expended in moving an object; most commonly, force times distance. No work is done if the object does not move. 
n	(physics, more generally) A measure of energy that is usefully extracted from a process. 
n	(uncountable, often in combination) The result of a particular manner of production. 
n	(uncountable, often in combination) Something produced using the specified material or tool. 
n	(countable) A literary, artistic, or intellectual production. 
n	(countable) A fortification. 
n	(uncountable, slang, professional wrestling) The staging of events to appear as real. 
n	(mining) Ore before it is dressed. 
n	(slang, plural only) The equipment needed to inject a drug (syringes, needles, swabs etc.) 
v	Followed by in (or at, etc.) Said of one's workplace (building), or one's department, or one's trade (sphere of business). 
v	Followed by as. Said of one's job title 
v	Followed by for. Said of a company or individual who employs. 
v	Followed by with. General use, said of either fellow employees or instruments or clients. 
v	(intransitive) To effect by gradual degrees; 
v	(transitive) To effect by gradual degrees. 
v	(transitive) To embroider with thread. 
v	(transitive) To set into action. 
v	(transitive) To cause to ferment. 
v	(intransitive) To ferment. 
v	(transitive) To exhaust, by working. 
v	(transitive) To shape, form, or improve a material. 
v	(transitive) To operate in a certain place, area, or speciality. 
v	(transitive) To operate in or through; as, to work the phones. 
v	(transitive) To provoke or excite; to influence. 
v	(transitive) To use or manipulate to one’s advantage. 
v	(transitive, law) To cause to happen or to occur as a consequence. 
v	(transitive) To cause to work. 
v	(intransitive) To function correctly; to act as intended; to achieve the goal designed for. 
v	(intransitive, figuratively) To influence. 
v	(intransitive) To move in an agitated manner. 
v	(intransitive) To behave in a certain way when handled 
v	(ditransitive, poetic) To cause (someone) to feel (something); to do unto somebody (something, whether good or bad). 
v	(obsolete, intransitive) To hurt; to ache. 
v	(slang, transitive) To pull off; to wear, perform, etc. successfully or to advantage. 
n	A surname. 
